It's hot again today. ......
When I changed into my uniform and walked out onto the field, I was enveloped in air that felt like it was rising from the ground.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're going to be doing.
"Good morning, senpai. It's hot again today.
I turned around and saw Satsuki sprinkling water on the ground with a hose.
It's a water sprinkler.　It's water sprinkling, to make it a little cooler.
If we keep practicing like this, we'll be exhausted from the heat soon.
Saying that, Satsuki sprinkled a thin layer of water on the entire ground.
When I stood at the spot where she had finished sprinkling, I felt that the temperature had dropped considerably.
I was surprised to see such a difference.
I'm surprised, too. I was surprised, too. I was surprised, too. It seems to be even more effective since there is soil underneath.
I'm almost done sprinkling, so please wait a little longer.
Okay. Okay, I'm going to do some exercises first.
Just as I was about to take my first step.
Mmm.
"Hmm?"
"Huh?　Suddenly, the water came from ....... Did I break the hose?"
Satsuki curiously peeked at the entrance of the hose.
Huh?　Could that be it?
Hmm, yeah!
"Oh no!
The hose that she was stepping on with her foot moved all at once, causing her to lose her stance.
The hose that had been stepping on my foot moved all at once, and I involuntarily lost my stance. This cleared up the water blockage, and the compressed water went ...... through the hose at once.
It's a good thing I'm not the only one.
"Are you okay?"
I'm soaked .......
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
I'm sure you won't catch a cold with this sunny weather. I'm sure you'll be fine, but you look a little cold.
"Sorry, sorry!　I just stepped on the hose. ......"
"No, no, ....... It's also bad that I pulled it suddenly.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'd like to know what you think.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
--What?
（I'm not sure what to do.)
I don't know what to do. I'm not sure if I should tell you this or not.　Or should I not tell her? ......?
What's the matter?　I'm not sure. You suddenly became silent.
No, no, it's nothing.
Really?　You seem strange for that ......?
I'm not sure what to do.
It's not good if it stays like this. I'm not sure what to do.
I'm not sure what to do. That's right. I'll get you a towel, a towel.
Oh, it's okay. The senior is practicing. I don't want to bother you with this.
No, no, as expected, I can't practice without leaving Satsuki soaking wet. Come on, I'll lend you a hand. Stand up first.
Thank you very much. Now, if you'll excuse me.
Without hesitation, Satsuki extends her hand towards me.
At that moment, her second arm touches her ample breast and changes its shape softly.
"Senpai?　You froze, what's wrong?
What's wrong?
"Hmm?"
Satsuki's quizzical eyes catch me firmly and don't let go.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
"Ah, ah, ....... So, that's what you're saying. ......
I'm not sure what to say. I'm sorry!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry!　I didn't mean to watch it!
What an excuse, but it was already too late.
Satsuki's cheeks are dyed in embarrassment, and there's no longer any way to hide the fact that I took a good look at her wetness.
'I'm not mad at you, ....... But I'm embarrassed that you had to watch me without telling me. ......
I should have worn prettier underwear if this was going to happen. ......
Is that the problem?
That's the problem. I want you to be happy, and I want to accept everything about you.
So, if there is something you want me to do, I want you to say it properly, not secretly. ...... I think.
"...... Hey, senpai. I'm not sure what you mean by that.
I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
I swallowed raw saliva unobserved and was so mesmerized by her that I didn't miss even a single drop of dripping.
I was so mesmerized by her that I didn't even miss a single drop. You're special to me.
If it were anyone else, I'd scream and try not to look like this. If it was someone else, I would scream and try not to look like this. ......"
If it was anyone else, I wouldn't be screaming and showing my face like this, but if it was my senpai, I'd go for it.
I know in my head that she is an important junior, and that she is my manager .......
But still, my desire as a man is welling up in me.
"Senpai ...... me, about senpai ......."
I'm not sure if it's the water that's making her eyes water, or if there's another reason.
While I was thinking about this, Satsuki grabbed my hand and tried to pull me towards her.
I can clearly see each of her long eyelashes, and I can feel her breath close to me.
"Haha ......"
"Haha!
Whoa!
I'm sorry, ....... I'm sorry. I'm a little chilled. ......
You're going to catch a cold if you don't change your clothes.
Yes, ....... "Yes, .
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
I'm not sure what to say. That was a close one ......."
I wonder what would have happened if Satsuki hadn't sneezed .......
I thought it was a pretty good vibe, and maybe it would have stayed that way .......
There's no point in thinking about ...... what might have been, right?
I forced myself to change my mind and started running to cool my head.