"Hmm. I'm kind of tired today."
Satsuki stretched as she walked along the Akane-colored school route.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
...... I'm sorry about that. You must be tired, right?"
No, no, no. It is true that I used a lot of energy today, but..."
I think it's a good thing that I was able to deepen my bond with my senior because of it.
Well, I think I was able to get to know Satsuki better. ......
I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that.
I'm a healthy guy, too, and if you show me an attractive Satsuki like that. I'm not sure what to do with it.
I'm not sure what to say. I'm not sure what to say.　I don't feel bad that you find me attractive, but ......
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's worth it.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
My reasoning slightly prevailed, and I shook my head, desperately trying to make a move to escape.
I'm not going to let anyone tell me that I'm no longer good at baseball because I got a girlfriend,....... I'm not going to be able to match that with Satsuki either.
So, when I play, I play, and when I practice, I practice. I'm sure it's important to keep a good balance between the two from now on.
Oh my god. You're still as stubborn as ever. I think that's what makes you a senior.
"...... Oh, by the way. I heard that the ground will not be available tomorrow. I heard that there is a local youth baseball game tomorrow.
"Oh, that's right, it's during the Obon vacation. Are you renting out the field?
Our school rents out the grounds and gymnasium to the public several times a year as a part of community exchange.
However, the priority is given to club activities, so we don't often have to take advantage of it, but this time it seems that the youth baseball team has been given priority because it's a voluntary training period.
What should I do? I can't rent another field right now, and I can't use the ball at the park. ......"
"Don't worry. It's okay. I've taken all the necessary precautions in case something like this happens.
"So, let's change the practice location tomorrow. I'll set up the menu for you.
"That's great, but ....... Where are we going to practice?
"Hmmm. Well, you know.
The pool!