Thank you for practicing today, sir.
Good work. I'm not tired at all, though.
The sun is still high in the sky, and I've just finished relaxing my body with some light exercise.
I've just finished relaxing with some light exercise. I'm just about to go to .......
The goal of today's practice was to get rid of fatigue, so it's a good thing I'm not tired.
You must be feeling a lot lighter thanks to that.
Yes, I am. My shoulders and arms were a little sluggish, but that's all gone now.
I turned my shoulders lightly to try it out, but the sensation was completely different from yesterday.
Thanks to Satsuki's precise management, the condition seems to be in perfect order.
I'm glad. ♪ Now I feel like I'm all set for tomorrow.
"I'm fine, but ....... Aren't you tired, Satsuki?"
I thought it was just a light run, but Satsuki was breathing so hard. ......
Maybe she'll have sore muscles tomorrow?
I rested well after that, so I'll be fine.
But I thought I could run a little longer. ...... I thought I could run a little bit more, but it seems I've lost more energy than I thought.
From now on, I'm going to start running too. I'm going to start running too. I need to get stronger!
You should invite me to run with you. Let's run together.
I think it's good to exercise. It's a good idea to exercise, but I'm not sure I'd want to run around town with those evil bouncing breasts and sexy expression on my face.
I'm sure there are some guys out there who might try to get involved. It's a good thing I'm a good bodyguard.
I'm so happy. Now I can spend more time with my senior!
"It's not good to run in gym clothes. I'll have to buy a windbreaker and some other stuff.
That's great, I'll go with you. ...... Well, I have a game tomorrow. Well, I've got a game tomorrow, so it'll be after that.
Of course.
Let's make sure you get some rest today so you can give it your all in the game.
Sure. ......
When I went to bed and woke up, it was time for the red and white match. It was my last chance to prove that my two years of hard work had not been in vain.
I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but it's a good idea.
"Senior. Your face is getting stern.
"Oh, yeah. I'm sorry. When I think of tomorrow, I can't help but think ......."
I understand how you feel. If I were in your shoes, I'm sure I'd be so nervous that I'd be on the edge of my seat. ......
"So I think it's inevitable that you get nervous. So, you don't have to try to relieve your nervousness right now.
I'll make you relax a lot later.
"You mean the reward you were talking about yesterday?"
Yes, I'm all set.
When I see Satsuki smiling mischievously, I can't help but feel happy and smile.
I wonder what kind of reward she has in store for me. My heart is pounding in anticipation, and my own heartbeat is echoing behind my ears.
"So, senpai ....... I have one favor to ask.
Can you come stay at my house today?　My parents haven't come home yet. ......
Oh, yeah, ....... I don't mind. ......
A reward and a sleepover ....... My brain was spinning at full speed with all the fascinating words.
So, is that what this is all about ......?　You can expect it, can't you?
Thank you very much. My house is still a little untidy, so I hope you'll take your time coming over.
Also. Can you text me before you come?
Oh, okay. Okay.
I'll see you later. Okay.
Before I knew it, I had arrived at the place where I had to leave Satsuki, and she smiled and waved her hand.
I stood there and waved back, as if buoyed by heat.
"...... took longer than I thought it would. ......
When I got home, I took a shower and cleaned myself up, and the time passed unexpectedly.
Even now, I can't seem to press the intercom, and I have to use the selfie function on my phone to check my face and my hair.
(This is the second time I've been to Satsuki's house, but the first time I was full of it. ......)
(Once again, being aware of the fact that I'm entering her house makes me nervous all over again. ......)
But there's no point in standing around in front of the door like this, so I have to press the intercom soon.
All right, ......, let's go.
What are you doing in such a place?　Senpai.
Ugh, come on, Satsuki. Why are you there?
What's there to do? It's my house. ......
Yeah, that's true too. ......
The timing of Satsuki's appearance was unexpected, and I was in a state of panic.
The more I try to have a normal conversation, the more I get stuck for words, and I end up in a vicious circle.
The more I try to speak normally, the more I get stuck. Since we can't just stand there and talk, why don't we go inside the house?　I've already cleaned up."
"Oh, yeah. Sorry to bother you, .......
Please make yourself at home. I'll make you some tea in a minute.
Oh, yeah. Please don't mind me. ......
After Satsuki disappeared, I looked around the living room again.
When I first came here, I didn't have the time to do so, but now that I think Satsuki is living here, I can sense her scent and traces of her in every corner of the room.
Did you find anything unusual?
No, nothing at all!　I'll be back to normal soon enough. Ha, ha, ha. ......"
As I said this, I sipped the tea that Satsuki had brought me.
The warm liquid goes down my throat and I let out a deep breath at the feel of it.
Hmm. Aren't you still a little overwhelmed?　You can relax and think of it as your own home.
"As much as I'd like to, ....... I'm sure you'll get used to it.
Yes. I'm sure you'll get used to it. - Yes, I'm sure you will, because if you're nervous, you won't be able to taste the food.
"Hmm?　Could that be ......?
"Well, maybe. That's right.
I've been preparing this since yesterday, so I thought I'd give you a taste of my homemade cooking. I've been preparing it since yesterday.
Is this a reward?
"Yes, yes!　A thousand percent!
There wouldn't be a man in the world who wouldn't enjoy a home-cooked meal from the girl he loves.
And since Satsuki is a homebody, she's probably a good cook. I have high expectations for this.
I'm glad. I've prepared a menu that has the perfect balance of nutrition and energy, so please look forward to it.
"Are you hungry already? Are you hungry already?
I was fine until a while ago, but now that you mention it, I'm suddenly hungry.
I was fine before, but now that you mention it, I'm suddenly hungry. Please wait for me, I'll be ready soon."
Satsuki walked to the kitchen and took out the cooking utensils.
Do you need help with anything?
I'm fine. You can relax there.
If you are bored, you can watch TV.
Well, I'll take your word for it.
As soon as I turned on the TV, I saw some familiar celebrities challenging me to a quiz.
As soon as I turned on the TV, I saw familiar celebrities challenging themselves to a quiz, and I listened to the sound of Satsuki's efforts as I used it as background music.
I'm going to go to ....... I've already prepared the meat, so all I need to do is grill it. ......
But first, I have to cook the rice. I wonder how much rice he eats, should I cook about 3 cups?
I've never cooked this much rice before, so it's quite new to me. I hope you like it.
I've never made this much rice before, so it's quite new.
Feeling deeply in love with her, I quietly turned off the TV and headed for the kitchen where she was working hard.
I'll help you, after all. What do you want me to do?
You're a worrier, aren't you? Don't worry, I'll take care of everything.
I'll do my best to make a delicious meal for you.
I'm glad to hear that, but... I'm glad to hear that, but I don't feel very comfortable having Satsuki work all the time and me not doing anything.
"Hmmm. You're a very serious person. You don't have to worry about that.
Taking care of you is what I enjoy. So you don't have to do anything, right?
"Even if you say so, ......."
Apparently, Satsuki doesn't want me to help her.
It's a good idea to take a look at the actual information on the web, as well as to make sure that you are getting the most out of it.