Senior, can you see me?
Oh, I can see you perfectly. Is that the roof?
Yes!　The door was unlocked, so I came. I wanted to talk to you slowly.
I'm glad to hear that, but ...... are you okay?　I'm glad to hear that.
I'm fine. It's a holiday today, so there are hardly any people around.
And what's a little bit bad about ....... Doesn't it make you nervous, like you're doing something naughty?
Well, sure.
I guess it's an extension ...... of the innocent pranks I did when I was a kid.
When I think of it, I used to just enjoy baseball without thinking about it. ......
I wonder when it started. When did I start to suffer from stomach pains like this ...... before games?
I'm not sure what to say. I'm the only one here who can hear your call.
So, tell me all your worries and troubles. You can tell me all your worries and troubles and feel refreshed.
"Even if you tell me, it may not solve anything. ......
"But I think there are things you can say that will make you feel better. So, what do you think?
Hmmm... ...... I guess so... ......
I'm glad for Satsuki's offer, and I know that she's thinking for my sake.
However, I can't help but open my mouth because of my pride that I don't want to show Satsuki any more weakness.
I love you, senpai. I love you so much that even I'm surprised.
"What do you think, senpai?　Do you like ...... me?
"Well, yes, I do. ......
It's a bit embarrassing to say that I like ......, so I slurred my words.
In comparison, Satsuki has been saying that she likes me for a long time, and I think that's really great.
Isn't it embarrassing for you, Satsuki?　Aren't you embarrassed to say something like that?
Hmm, it's more like embarrassment. It's more like I'm happy.
You know, it's pretty hard to tell someone you like them, right?
There are a lot of girls who tell each other they like each other. There are girls who tell each other they like each other, but telling a guy is totally different.
That's right, ....... If a girl as cute as Satsuki says she likes me, most guys are going to misunderstand.
Oh, by the way, it's not a misunderstanding or a joke that I like you, okay?
I know that much."
I couldn't help but chuckle at Satsuki's sudden enthusiasm.
I've always shown that Satsuki likes me, both in words and actions, and there is no room for doubt.
''I love you senpai, and I want to be with you forever.
"That's why I want to accept any kind of senior. I want to accept him.
"So, I'm always here. I will always support you.
I'll always support you. "Fure, fure, senpai." "Hang in there, hang in there, senpai." "Oh!"
"Don't lose, don't lose, senpai." "Fight, fight, senpai." "Oh."
I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
"Ah, senpai. You finally smiled at me.
I was a little worried because you've been looking so depressed for a while now.
...... Did I look like that?
Yes, I did. But I'm fine now.
Well, ....... I'm sorry I worried you again.
No, no, no. Managing the senior's mind is an important part of my job as a manager.
And even without that. As a girlfriend, I want my boyfriend to always be smiling.
I'm sure you're not the only one.
It's as if she's an angel, and I can't help but feel maternal towards her.
"...... senpai. Do you like baseball?"
"Yes, I do.
I love it." "You can play baseball, your favorite game, from now on. Then you have to enjoy it more.
If you perform well, the results will follow. If you perform well, the results will come. I've been watching you practice for a long time, and I can guarantee you that.
That's right, ....... The two of us practiced that much together. ......
Every day, we sweat it out on the field under the blazing sun,.......
Even when I was tired or felt like I couldn't do it anymore, Satsuki kept supporting me .......
If I don't make it to the game, it will be a waste of her hard work as well as mine.
I'll ...... go to the game. I don't know what the outcome will be, but ......
But we can't just sit around here like this, can we?
I respect your decision. But ......
If you're going to the game, I'll do my best to support you!
...... Thank you. Thanks, Satsuki. I'm going to go!
Yes, senpai!　I'll be rooting for you as much as I can!
See you later, Satsuki. I'll do my best.
Feeling regretful, I ended the call with Satsuki.
Silence returned to the locker room, and I stood up from the bench with all the energy I could muster.
Then, with my familiar glove in hand, I ran out onto the field.
To keep my promise to the person I love.
Would you like to read the details of the Red and White game?
　