"Number four, left, Sato, number nine."
As Miss Uguisu's clear voice melted into the blue summer sky, the marching band's lively theme flowed through the air, and the cheering squad became even more excited.
It was the national baseball tournament, deciding the top among 4,000 baseball clubs in the country.
My school, Asuka Gakuen, had won the regional qualifying round and was facing the final against Shinzen Gakuen, a regular winner.
The game went to the bottom of the ninth inning, and Asuka Gakuen was in trouble with two outs and a runner on second base despite leading by one run.
Asuka Gakuen was leading by one run, but they were in trouble with two outs. If they could hold on, they would participate in the national tournament. Everyone in the baseball club, and indeed the entire school, was watching with bated breath.
Of course, I, a member of the baseball team, was doing the same.
It was supposed to be .......
You know, ....... I'd like to go back to the bleachers. ......
Of course not. You've got heat stroke, so you should rest properly."
But this is a very important moment, whether our school will be able to participate in the national tournament or not.
You're not a regular, much less an alternate, are you?　It won't make any difference if you go.
"......Uh......"
The first aid room attached to the baseball stadium. I'm not sure what to make of it.
It is true that it was my fault for cheering without drinking enough water,.......
But isn't it normal to desperately want to support the members of the club who have been practicing together day in and day out?
Besides, that's what the girl who accompanied me told me.
"The girl who chaperoned me also told me that she tends to push herself too hard, so I need to make sure I get some rest. She said.
"The girl ......?"
I couldn't help but think about it.
I hadn't been feeling well since this morning, and ....... I don't remember much about the time I was cheering her on.
But I'm sure I heard a cute voice call out to me a few times,.......
I'm not sure. I'm not sure if it's the same thing. Is that your girlfriend?"
No, I don't have a girlfriend.
I've been playing baseball all year long, and there's no room for that anywhere.
As a boy in the midst of puberty, I'm very interested in girls. ......
But right now, the finals are more important!
I'm not sure what to say. I'm feeling so much better!　I've had enough rest, I think I should--"
"No, you can't. I want you to stay in bed. Okay?
No, but... If you do that, the game will be over!
Today is the day when Kadokura-senpai, the ace of the third year, will pitch. I think he has the stamina, so I don't think he'll lose a single game. ......
But if that one thing were to happen today....
Kakeeen.
I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
Oh, ....... It looks like your school lost the game. Too bad."
"Oh, you lost?
"Yeah. You were one out away, but it was a close call. I think he hit a home run.
The nurse's words made my eyes darken. I was so close to .......
I wish I could have played in the game,......, but since I wasn't chosen by the coach, there was nothing I could do.
So, rather than feeling frustrated, I was just sad that my school lost.
But you're a sophomore, right?　Don't worry, there's always next year. Good luck."
"Yes, ......."
That was all I could say, nodding my head.
And so the summer tournament of my sophomore year came to an end in the first aid room on the side of the field.
From then on, I practiced harder than ever.
My goal was to be a regular in the fall tournament. I'm going to make up for the humiliation of that summer!
That's what I was determined to do.
How are you feeling, senpai? Have you calmed down a bit?
I've prepared some drinks for you, so if you feel like drinking, just let me know.
...... Why am I being kneecapped by a girl ......?
I think I recognize her voice. ......
So. In the scorching heat of the regional tournament finals,.......
I'm not sure what's wrong.　Gaze at my face.
You're ....... You're ....... You're the girl who helped me at the regional tournament. ......, right?
Oh, you remember me?
Yeah. Yeah, I recognized your voice.
Heh. I'm glad you remembered me.
"But that's the first time I've talked to you. I've been watching you for a long time, you know.
"What, really ......?　I don't remember ...... at all."
It's funny, if I was looking at such a cute girl, I would remember her well.
It's not that long, though. I always drop by the field after school to see how hard you're practicing today. I'm sure you're practicing hard."
"Huh?　Then there was a rumor in the baseball club about a cute girl who always came to see ....... ......"
"Oh, that might be me. I'm not sure if she's cute or not.
No, you're cute enough. ...... I couldn't say anything clever, so I stared at her instead.
It's no secret that she saved me from heat stroke on the field today and at the last tournament.
I don't know why she's done so much for me. I don't know why she does so much for me, but it's not every day that someone cares so much about me.
Thank you so much, for saving my life twice. You saved my life."
"Oh, you're exaggerating! You saved my life twice." - No, you're exaggerating. My body just wanted to do something to help you because you were in so much trouble.
Besides, if you get too stiff, I'll get nervous too. ......
"So, relax your shoulders, too. I'd be happy if you could relax and talk to me.
Oh, oh. ...... I see. ......
It's a good idea to take a look at the website and see if you can find anything you like.
I'm sure you can understand what she's trying to say. I'd like to get closer to her as well,.......
(These violent lower tits and angelic smile are too perfect to make me nervous!)
Especially for a baseball boy who has only ever chased white balls,.......
I'm sorry.　You seem to be a little fuzzy. ......
Do you still feel sick?
No, no, I'm fine. I mean, you're heavy, right?　I'll get up soon.
No, no, no. Heat stroke is not so easy to cure, you know.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
And you're still burning up. You need to sleep for a while longer.
No, even if you say so, ......
This is a great way to make sure that you get the most out of your vacation.
It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money. I shut my mouth.
It's really hot in the sun, but there's still a breeze. It's nice and cool in the shade.
"If you feel like falling asleep, you can close your eyes. I won't wake you.
"Oh, no, that's ......."
This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, and I'm not going to fall asleep!
This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. A person's head weighs as much as a watermelon, and it would be bad to stay like this forever.
Anyway, I'm fine now!　Thank you for taking care of me!
"What?"
I raised my body vigorously, as if against the gravitational pull of my thighs.
The --.
I'm not sure what to say.
"Ouch!
Whoa!"
I felt as if my entire face was wrapped in a low-resilience pillow. The repulsive force causes me to fall back to her thighs again.
The moment I plunged my face into her lower tits, I felt a softness and a citrusy scent.
Perhaps she is using antiperspirant? The fresh scent mixed with the smell of sweat makes me want to take a deep breath.
I want to take a deep breath. "Hey, senpai ....... It's too bold,....... You can't just suddenly touch your boobs,......."
"Sorry, sorry!　I didn't do it on purpose!　Please believe me!
It's okay, I'm not mad. I'm not mad. ...... I'm just a little surprised.
"But ......"
I touched her tits, you know. You can't say that you've touched her breasts.
It is true that I touched them, but. I'm sure you'll be able to tell me what you think.
It's not that I don't like it. And I didn't mind.
But I was surprised. The next time you do this, please make sure you say something first.
I'm not sure if there's a next time, or if it's safe to just say no. ......
I can't think of anything to say. ......
I'm not sure. It seems that the senior's shoulders are still stressed.
That's right. I'll sing you a lullaby to help you relax.
"Sleep, sleep, sleep... In my heart.
A fresh breeze rustling in the shade of the trees caressed my cheeks, and the slow rhythm of the song made my ears perk up.
It's true, that was a maternal breast, wasn't it ....... I'm not sure how happy I'd be if I could sleep with them buried in me. ......
It's not a question of that.
What?
Oh, look out ....... I'm about to be completely carried away. ......
The danger is this way, damn it. I thought you were going to hit my tits again.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
I finally got to see her full body. I can't remember her name.
I can't remember her name. "Well, it's a little late now, but can I ask you your name, ......? If you've already said your name, I'm sorry, but it's ......."
Oh, by the way, I haven't introduced myself yet.
My name is Suzumori Satsuki, I'm a first year. It's nice to meet you, senpai.
Ah, nice to meet you. And thank you for helping me twice.
No, no. No, it was you who saved me the first time in the first place.
I saved you from ......?
Yes. Yes, at the entrance ceremony. Do you remember ......?
Wait, wait, wait!　I'll remember now.
At the time of the entrance ceremony, I was free to go to school, so I must have been practicing on the ground .......
I'm sure you'll be happy to know that I'm not the only one. I'm sorry.
Could it be that first year who was lost ......?
Yes!　That's right!
Yeah, that was ....... Your hair was black then, wasn't it?
Yes. Yes, but I had to be careful at the entrance ceremony. ......
"Well. Did it look better with black hair?
No, no. I think your current hair color is really good. It looks bright.
"Oh my god, senpai. You're complimenting me too much!
She smiled so naturally that I could barely make out the face of the lost freshman I had met at the entrance ceremony.
At that time, she was a bit frightened, perhaps because it was her first time here, and she tended to look down. Her image was 180 degrees different from the lively girl I knew today.
She not only showed me the way, but also walked me to the front of the gym. ......
I thought he was a very kind person at that time. I thought he was very kind, but he left before I could ask his name. ......
"So I wanted to thank you someday. I've been thinking about it for a long time.
"Then, after a while, I found out that you were doing very well in the baseball team. I kept following him.
Is that why you were observing the baseball practice?
Yes!　I thought you were really cool today. Ehehe ......
So the one who helped you in the final game was also ......?
That was just a coincidence. Because of the seating order, I happened to be cheering near you. ......
"Oh, but... But I was able to help him, so it turned out all right, didn't it?
That's right. Thank God for coincidences.
I never thought that I would be liked for such a trivial thing. ...... I don't know what's going on in the world.
I think that maybe God took pity on me for not being able to get a regular job for a long time and gave me a little gift .......
I'm not sure what to say. I'm sure you're not the only one.
"Why is that?"
"Ugh ...... that's ......"
Are you being bullied, by any chance?
No, no, no!　No, I'm not!
In fact, the club members and coaches are taking care of me so that I can practice on my own, and I'm grateful for that.
Thanks to them, I can practice without any worries during this Obon vacation.
You know, ....... I'm not very good at baseball. I'm not good at baseball, so I have to practice more than others.
"That's not true, is it?　The baseball player in my class said so.
"Yasuda is the best on the team in practice, but why is he so bad in games?"
"What?
"S-senpai!　Are you okay?
I'm fine. ....... I'm just having a heart attack. ......
I've been told that I'm a genius at practicing. I'm not sure if you've ever heard of this, but I'm sure you have.
I'm sure you'll be able to find something that works for you.
I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but it's a good idea. It's weird for me to say this, but if you just practice, you can hit more home runs than anyone else in this school.
It's amazing!　A home run means being able to send the ball very far, right?　That's so cool!　Senior!"
"Ah, ha ha ....... Yeah, thanks.
...... But I can't hit at all in games. ......
His official batting average is less than 10 percent and he has no home runs.
In the event that you've got a lot of money to spend, you'll be able to take advantage of it.
Why is there such a difference between practice and games?
I guess because I get nervous ....... I'm not good under pressure. ......
I see. ....... But you can't fix that just by practicing, can you?
I'm an amateur baseball player. I'm an amateur baseball player, but I feel like it's just a matter of how you feel about it.
"Maybe, but ....... When I get nervous in a game, I think it's because I don't believe in myself enough.
One swing from me could win the game for the team, and one play could lose the game for the team. The coach has entrusted me with such an important task.
"No, it's not just the coach. I am carrying the expectations of the whole team. When I thought about it, I started to wonder if it was really okay for me to play in the game. ......
In the end, my stomach hurts so bad that I can't stand up. ......
That's what ......
Like the majority of people who heard my story, she gets a sad look on her face and slumps down.
I'm not sure what to do. This is what happens to everyone, including my parents, the director, and the nurse. The very fact that someone who cares about me would make me look like this makes my heart ache even more. \That's why I'm here. I put my chest out and speak as cheerfully as I can.
'Well, it's all because I can't believe in myself. It's my fault for not practicing until I can believe in myself."
"So I have to practice more and more. I need to build up my confidence. So you don't have to be so sad."
I say this all the time, a canned phrase. Up until now, everyone had forced themselves to smile and say that they would support me if I was that hungry.
But even so, Suzumori-san's expression remained dark and somber.
"...... senpai, baseball. Do you hate baseball?"
"I like it, but?　That's why I always practice like this, because I want to get better.
Then why do you have such a sad look on your face?
No, no, look at me. I'm smiling a lot, aren't I?
Don't be ridiculous. Don't be ridiculous. I told you I've been watching you for a long time, didn't I?
I don't want to see you with that fake smile. ......
That's ......."
I touched my cheek involuntarily when he said that. I'm not sure what to make of it.
I'm not sure why ....... I'm not sure when I stopped laughing when talking about baseball,.......
I love baseball. I'm sure it's been the same since I was a kid, but .......
"Here, senpai."
Hey, hey!
I'm sure you'll be fine. You're going to slip out of your bra.
I was told something unexpectedly graphic, and my body stopped moving.
I'm sure you're right, there was something hard against my cheek. Is this a bra wire?
You don't have to be so tough. Just say it's hard when it's hard.
I'm not trying to be tough. ......
You can't convince me by shaking your voice like that.
..............."
I couldn't help but fall silent. I'm not sure what to say, but I think her words were right.
It's not that I don't like it. But no matter how much I tried, I couldn't get it right, and I didn't know how to work hard anymore.
But no matter how much I said that, time was ticking away, and the time to retire from club activities would not wait for me.
Pushing down the anxiety that was threatening to overwhelm me, I just kept on chasing the white ball. That's how I was spending my days.
...... You've finally become honest with me. You're pushing yourself too hard, senior.
It's because I'm such a hard on myself senior. I've always wanted to heal you like this someday.
"Why ......?"
"Because you don't pamper yourself. If someone else doesn't pamper you instead, you'll definitely collapse one day.
Don't worry. I know myself best.
Who was the guy who almost collapsed in the schoolyard just now?
That's ......."
Suzumori-san's serious eyes and tone of voice made me swallow my words.
It's a good idea to take a look at the actual information on the web, as well as to make sure you're getting the most out of it.
You're always trying too hard," she said. Why don't you relax your shoulders a little more?
"If you can show your ability, you will be able to play well in games. If you can show off your abilities, you will be able to play well in games, I can guarantee it.
"So, senpai. So, senpai, let's smile more.　Right?
"Because a smile suits you better."
Before I knew it, Satsuki's hand reached for my hair and started stroking it.
I felt as if I had been nursed by my mother as a child. I felt embarrassed. But now, it's comfortable.
I could feel the embarrassment, but now it felt good. Does it feel good?"
"Yes, ....... I feel so relieved. ......
I'm glad. I'm glad. You can spoil me a lot more, okay?
I'm always trying to heal you, you know.
...... Why are you being so nice to me?
I'm not sure if I'd go this far just because you were nice to me at the entrance ceremony, but that's normal.
It's ....... It's because I think you're special.
I would only do this to a senior.
I love ...... you, senpai."
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
I can hear her heartbeat, and my face is so close to her chest.
You know, ....... What does that mean, ......?
"It means exactly what it says. The trigger may be something trivial, though.
But as I watched you, I found more and more good things about you, and before I knew it, I couldn't take my eyes off you.
Suddenly, Suzumori-san confessed to me. The sudden confession from Suzumori-san, however, did not upset me as much as I thought it would, and I found myself able to accept it.
I'm sure it's because I've been completely wrapped up in her kindness. ......
I really care about you. I really care about you.
So I don't want to see you suffer any more.
"Get some rest and change your mind. Let's call it a day. Okay?"
A part of me thinks that might be a good idea.
I've practiced enough. There is no guarantee that practicing will bring results.
That's what I think in my head. But then I look at .......
"Suzumori-san's--"
"Satsuki, is fine."
"Suzumori-san's--" "Satsuki-san's, is fine."
Satsuki, it's fine.
Satsuki. ......
Yes.
Kuchu ...... what a nice smile ...... has. If you are shown something like this, you will want to listen to anything she says.
It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
I'm very happy with how you feel. But I don't have the option of not practicing.
A day off can only be made up in three days. I can't take that risk right now.
".................."
It is obvious that Satsuki's expression becomes grumpy. I'm sure it is. I'm not sure what to make of it.
Maybe this will cause her to lose her affection for me, and that would be a very wasteful .......
But I can't lie to myself about my feelings.
You can't lie about your feelings. It's not like you're a senior, but you're really ......
That's what makes you a senior.
Well, ...... are you angry?
Are you angry? I'm dumbfounded.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
That expression looks a little angry ...... though. I'm not going to say anything about it because it's a quack snake.
I know very well that you are a baseball fan.
I've been thinking about this answer ....... I've been thinking about it.
But..."
I'm sure you're not the only one who has a problem with this.
You can't overlook the fact that you will practice until your senior collapses.
So, from now on, I will accompany you to practice every day as your personal manager.
"No, no, no!　No, no, no, that's not right.
You can't help but shout out loud at the unexpected suggestion.
It's not like you're a child who doesn't know how to add or subtract, that's really too much to ask!
You said that, but you were dizzy on the ground, right?
Oh, that was an accident, or rather an accident .......
So you're sure you'll never fall again?
That's ...... that ......."
I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's worth it.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're going to do and how you're going to do it.
It is possible that you will fall down the moment you exceed the limit,.......
You don't have confidence in your ability to keep your promises, do you?
...... Yes .......
I'm not sure. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. But I also like that kind of senior.
I'm sure you'll be happy to know that I'm not the only one.
I wonder if I'm already on her ass from this moment on.　I wonder if I'm already on her ass from this moment on, but I'm not uncomfortable.
"So, I'll be sure to accompany you when you practice from now on.
"You don't have to go that far, ....... You don't have to do that. ....... You're not a child. ......
If you practice by yourself, you might go over the limit again, right?
Ugh. ......"
The pressure of Satsuki's smile causes me to back away.
This conversation flow is no good. You have to go from another direction .......
That's right. Isn't it true that Satsuki also has plans for the summer vacation?　I'm sure she has plans for her summer vacation, like hanging out with her friends. ......
Managing my senior is my plan.
No, what other plans do you have?　Club activities?
I'm in the homecoming club. I'm a homecoming club member. I mean, people who aren't in a club have a lot of free time during the summer vacation.
Is that so?
That's how it is. So I have plenty of time to spare. Don't worry.
"But if I really become a manager. You'll be immersed in baseball every day, right?
That's what I want!　Doesn't that sound like a lot of fun?
Satsuki says this with a smile as dazzling as a sunflower.
There are still a lot of things I don't understand about her, but I can trust this smile. I thought so somehow.
"Damn, ...... is no match for ......."
I scratched my head to distract myself from my embarrassment.
"Hmmm. I'm not sure what to make of it. It made me a little nervous.
"You were laughing?　Did I?
Yes. You had a really nice smile. After all, a smile is the best thing for a senior.
Stop it!　Don't tease me!
I was so embarrassed by Satsuki's words that I couldn't help but turn my face away.
Damn, I'm out of tune. And since I don't mind it, it's kind of embarrassing.
"Well, then, I'm going to practice!　See you later!"
"Okay. I'll be watching you from here, okay? Please don't fall down this time~.
I waved lightly to Satsuki and ran out to the scorching ground.
My heart was filled with warmth in a different way from the summer heat.
--This is how the hot, hot summer started, with me and Satsuki.
Haa~, I did it, I did it, I did it!
When I got home, I couldn't help but dive into bed in my uniform.
When I got home, I dove into bed in my school uniform without thinking, even though it was wrinkled and I had to change it, but I was too happy to stay still.
I finally got to tell her how I feel at .......
It's been a long time. It was a long time... Haa~~~"
I was so happy that all I could do was sigh. But I can't help it, it's my first love. I've been waiting for months for the right moment to confess my love to her. ......
Even today, while I was observing the practice, I was still very nervous. I was worried that they would notice that my face was turning red when we went home alone. ......
Anyway, the first day was a great success,......, wasn't it?　We were able to have a good conversation, and the older man said he'd see you tomorrow. ......
"But will I be okay? I'm not sure if they thought I was weird. ...... I suddenly went too hard ......, didn't I?
But when I saw my senior collapsing, I knew I had to do something about it. ......
In addition, when I was kneeling on my senior's lap, I felt very much in love with him. ......
It's just that I'm not sure what to do.　I'm so embarrassed!
I roll around on the bed, holding my red face, even though no one can see me.
I was fine in front of my seniors, but when I was alone, I couldn't help but feel embarrassed.
But, but... Tomorrow is the big day, and I can't keep being shy.
I don't have any baseball experience. ....... I've never played baseball before, so I have to be prepared to manage it well.
I had at least studied the rules in preparation for chatting with my seniors,.......
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure I can do it.
I also need to prepare more towels. We'll also need more towels and drinks.
I opened my phone and made a list of the things I might need.
I opened my phone and made a list of things I might need. It might look like a pain in the ass, but I'm feeling really fulfilled right now.
Because I can help my beloved senpai.
Satsuki Suzumori, starting tomorrow, I'll be your exclusive manager. I'll do my best!