Ahhhh, I'm so tired..."
I went under the school gate, re-carrying my shoulder bag which felt heavier than usual.
I hadn't spent much time in the red and white match, but the fatigue from the practice was starting to get to me.
It was the best one I've ever had, but I still felt nervous.
I'm not sure if it's because I'm a little nervous, or because I'm a little tired. I'm not sure what to say.
"Senpai!"
"Whoa!"
"Senior!　Congratulations on being on the bench!
Hahaha ....... Oh, thank you."
While many of the club members were still on their way out of school, Satsuki gave me a hug.
I was a little embarrassed about it, but I gently put my hand on her back.
I really wanted to make a cool decision with a home run. I was really hoping for a cool home run, but it turned out to be a potent hit. It didn't work out so well.
But there's no doubt that I got the game-tying hit!
The manager and my teammates. The manager, my teammates, everyone was so happy.
Yes, ....... I guess I worried people more than I thought.
I got good results in practice, but not so good on the field. The coach who was coaching me seemed to think that it was his fault that he couldn't get the best out of his players.
Maybe that's why. I was impressed that he praised me as if I had just won an official game, even though it was just a white-out game.
Thank you so much, Satsuki. If it weren't for you, I definitely wouldn't have been able to hit.
''It's your senior's ability that allowed you to hit. I only gave you a little push.
"It's not a little, though. Anyway, thank you.
I hugged Satsuki gently with all the love I could muster.
Then, in order to continue to cherish her in the future, I gently loosened my hold on her and separated from her warmth.
"...... Satsuki. I have something important to tell you."
...... Is that good news for me?"
Surely."
I cut off my words once there, and looked firmly into Satsuki's eyes.
I've been selected as a bench member based on today's results. From now on, I'll be practicing longer than ever.
So I'm going to have to put off my ...... date for a while. ...... Sorry.
Don't apologize. The person you love has achieved his or her dream. As a girlfriend, you should be happy.
"But, from now on. Will I be able to work as a manager?　I'm not a member of the baseball team. ......
By the way, I don't plan to be a member of the baseball team. ......
Hmm, no. I guess.
I'm a manager because I love my seniors. I'm not interested in taking care of other club members as well.
You say it so clearly~"
I'm not interested in taking care of other club members the same way.
But the fact that such a cute girl is only interested in me. It makes me happy as a man.
That's because it's true. I don't like lies and deceptions.
"So, ....... If I was told that I couldn't be a senior manager if I didn't belong to the baseball team, then ...... me ......."
Oh, that's the thing. ......
I talked to the coach and he said I could be a personal trainer. I talked to the coach and he said I could be a personal trainer.
"I can't be on the bench for official games because of the rules. "I can't be on the bench for official games because of the rules, but he said I could be with him for other games.
Really?　Then I can continue to practice with you?
Yeah. Well, as expected, if you have too much skinship, you might get a lot of comments, but ....... It's okay to practice normally.
It's fine. I won't bother my seniors. At most, you can hug them.
I don't know about that .......
I think it's obviously out of character, but if Satsuki were to hug me, I don't think I could refuse.
I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's a good idea. ......
...... If Satsuki is about to get angry, I'll get angry for her. It's a good idea.
The practice starts the day after tomorrow, right?　If so, why don't we have a date tomorrow?
"It's a day for celebration. From this evening until the end of tomorrow. I want to be with you all the time and take care of you.
Of course, we'll go wherever you want to go!　What do you think?"
You're right, ....... Let's try something completely unrelated to baseball for a change.
Yes, by all means!　Oh, that's right. Oh, by the way, will you come to my house again today?　I'll make you dinner.
Oh, thank you. Then I'll take your word for it.
"Yes!　I'm looking forward to it. From now until tomorrow, I'll be alone with you. Right?
Satsuki quickly intertwined her fingers with my hand, and I firmly grasped it back.
She smiled happily and gazed lovingly into my eyes.
I'm sure our relationship like this will last forever.
I'm sure our relationship will last for a long, long time, just like an extra-large home run ball hitting the sky. ......
I love you, senpai.