The same heat, the same environment as usual.
The same heat, the same environment, the same self-discipline day. It was supposed to be. ......
"Huh, ............."
I couldn't help but sigh deeply.
I wish I hadn't looked at the calendar when I woke up this morning.
If I had, I wouldn't have had to stand on the field feeling like this. ......
I'm sure you're not feeling well, are you?　Are you not feeling well?"
No, ...... nothing, nothing .......
I've recently noticed ....... I've recently noticed that when senpai say there's nothing wrong, it's usually when there's something wrong. When you say it's nothing, it's usually when everything is fine.
"I'll take care of any problems you have. Please tell me what's going on.
I said it's nothing. Look, I have to practice again today.
As if half running away from the scene, I put my hand on the locker that contains the maintenance equipment for the ground.
I'm too embarrassed to say this to Satsuki.
I'm not sure what to do.
It's normal, it's normal!　Here, you have to practice quickly. ......
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
I'm not sure what to do.　I'm not sure what to do.
I'm not sure what to say.　I'm not sure what to say.
Thud, thud, thud!
Sir!　Are you okay, sir?
Ouch. ......
I thought I was taking out a tool, but it seems I caught something else and the contents of my locker fell down on me.
And then something sharp grazed my fingertips, and .......
"Senior, blood, blood!
Oh, ....... It went off more than I thought.
The sharp object must have grazed my fingertip. It's a good thing I'm not using my dominant hand.
I'm glad it's not my dominant hand,....... It is the fate of a baseball boy to think that he is not a good player.
I'm sorry.
Sa-tsuki pressed her own white handkerchief against my wound without hesitation.
The red stain spreads on the handkerchief with a gentle pain.
''Satsuki, the handkerchief will be ruined.
''This is not the time to be worrying about that. Here, please raise your hand higher than your heart. That should stop the bleeding a little."
I did as I was told and raised my hand a little higher while having Satsuki hold the wound.
It still hurts, but not enough to make me cry or feel dizzy.
I'm not sure what to do. Thank God. ......"
But let's go to the infirmary as soon as possible. We need to get you to the infirmary.
It's okay. You don't have to come with me. I can go to ...... alone.
No. I can't leave him alone now. Come on, let's go.
"...... Okay, ......."
I was embarrassed, shameful, and all sorts of other feelings swirled around me.
I grudgingly headed to the infirmary with Satsuki.
"Excuse me. There's no one at ......, is there?
I know I'm not supposed to do this, but it's an emergency right now, so I'll let you use it without permission. Have a seat there.
Oh, ......."
I did as I was told and sat down in the chair that Satsuki instructed.
The smell of the disinfectant solution stung my nose and made me feel uncomfortable.
Let's see, I need disinfectant and a bandage. ......
Oh, there it is. I'm sure it will sting, but please try to stay still.
Satsuki approached me and poured the antiseptic solution on my fingertips.
I felt a throbbing pain in my fingertips and almost pulled my hand back.
Please stay still. If you move, you'll open the wound.
"I know, but ......"
The pain is painful and there is no way to stop the reflex to move.
I can't stop it. Just stay relaxed, okay?
"Yes, it hurts, it hurts, fly away. Yes, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts, fly away~.
Wait, Satsuki!　It's embarrassing.
It's okay. We're the only ones here.
Besides. Doesn't the pain go down a little when you do this?
It may be ......, but it's not .......
I wonder if it's called the placebo effect ....... This kind of thing.
I'm not sure what to make of it. In addition, the pain gradually recedes, as if it had really gone away.
I'm not sure what to do. I'll chant it as many times as I can until you stop hurting.
"Ouch, ouch, ouch, fly away~. It hurts, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts, fly away.
It's okay. It's okay, Satsuki. It won't hurt anymore.
I'm glad. - It seems like the spell works after all.
Since the blood seems to have clotted, I'll put an adhesive bandage on it.
Satsuki applied the bandage with a familiar hand, making sure that the gauze was in contact with the wound.
I was wondering what would happen if it affected the match, but the wound seemed to be shallow for the amount of blood that came out.
What do you think?　Isn't it too tight?"
"Just right. Thank you, Satsuki.
No, no. No, no, no. This is a small price to pay.
Smiling like that, Satsuki takes care of me.
This unchanged appearance made me want to ask her how she felt.
"You're not going to ask ......, are you? You don't ask me why I was like that.
She didn't seem to want me to ask. I don't want to do anything that he wouldn't like.
And I'm sure he'll tell me before things get really out of hand.
I'm no match for her. ......
The strength of Satsuki's feelings never ceases to amaze me.
I'm not sure how much trust she has in me.
I'm sure she'll accept me no matter how shabby I look. I had a feeling that she would.
"Hey, ......, there's something I want you to hear. ......"
"Yes. What is it?
"Our baseball team has an intramural red and white game. Based on the results, we decide who will be on the bench for the next tournament. ......
It's coming up the day after tomorrow.
When I thought about it, I couldn't calm down at all. That's why I acted the way I did. ......
I don't know, it's ....... Sorry."
I bowed deeply to Satsuki from the bottom of my heart.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it. I'm not sure what to do with it.
There's no need to apologize. I don't mind at all.
"Thank you very much. Thank you for being honest with me.
Hahaha, ....... I didn't mean to show you such a disgraceful place. ......
"Disillusioned with ......?"
Not at all. I'm more than happy now that you've opened up to me like that.
It took a lot of courage for you to do that, didn't it?
"Well, ....... Well, ....... I think it's pathetic even for me. ......
I'm always so nervous when it comes to games.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
I think it's very brave of you to be brave enough to show your weakness.
"So please don't think you're not good enough. Right?"
"Yeah. ......"
I don't want to cause Satsuki any more worry or trouble. So I have to get back on my feet quickly.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm not sure what to do.
...... You still have a gloomy face, don't you?
"I'm sorry ......."
There's nothing to apologize for. ...... There's nothing to apologize for. But it can't be like this, can it?
I want you to be cheerful and energetic, so if there's anything I can do to help, I'd like to do something for you. ......
I'm not sure what to make of this.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
I'm not sure what to say. I'm not sure what to say. I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that.
If you want to see it so badly, you can go to ....... If you want to see it so badly, you can always just ask.
Come here, please."
While saying that, Satsuki grabbed my hand and kept it there.