And the next day at noon. In other words, the day of my date with Satsuki.
I waxed my hair and wore a brand new shirt and came to the station.
I didn't want to make Satsuki wait for me, so I arrived 15 minutes before the meeting time.
Hello. Senpai!　It's hot again today!
I'm not sure why I'm arriving before ....... What time did you get here?
"Just a few minutes ago, sir. I didn't wait for you at all.
Well, ....... Oh, and how are you feeling?　You sneezed yesterday, didn't you?
I'm totally fine. I'm already full of energy.
"Well, senpai. Come on, senpai, let's go shopping as soon as possible.
While saying that, Satsuki quickly grabbed my hand.
I was surprised by her soft, thin, and delicate hand. The soft, thin and slender hand makes me cringe.
You see, today is a date. It's normal to hold hands on a date, isn't it?
Do you think so?
Yes, it is. ...... Well, it's my first date, too.
Oh, really?
That's right. Did you think I was a light-weight girl who dated a lot?
I didn't think that much, but ....... I thought you might be popular.
No, not at all. Because my senior is my first love.
I stared at Satsuki, wondering if it was true. I'm not sure if it's true, but she's still smiling.
Is it that the men around her were fatally blind? I'm not sure what to make of this.
...... It's probably the latter. I'm sure you're not the only one.
So let's put it that way.
"Yes, please let it be like that."
Your hands are big and strong. Your hands are so big and strong, aren't they? I feel like a man.
"That's because I swing a bat every day. That's because you swing a bat every day. You must have a lot of blisters and scratches.
Yes. It's a sign that you work hard every day. I think it's a very cool hand.
Satsuki groped my fingers and the back of my hand, as if she was checking the texture of my hand.
It's so itchy that I can't stay still here, and it makes my heart buzz.
I can't stay still. It tickles.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm a little too happy and excited.
It's always been a dream of mine. I've always dreamed of walking shoulder to shoulder with my senpai like this, hand in hand. ......"
I can't help but be filled with love and want to hug Satsuki as she mumbles to me solemnly.
I'd like to hug her, but she's in the public eye and I haven't told her anything important yet.
--That's why I'm going to .......
Come on, let's go."
I pulled Satsuki's hand and started walking, trying not to show as much agitation as possible.
I grasped her hand tightly and it felt a little sweaty.
I'm glad you were able to buy everything you wanted. You were able to buy everything you wanted.
"Yeah. Protein, wax. I bought a little too much protein, wax, grip tape and ......."
My favorite sporting goods store was having a summer sale, so I ended up overspending.
I'm used to carrying heavy things, so I'm physically fine, but the problem is....
I'm used to carrying heavy things, so I'm physically fine, but the problem is--" "But it took me longer than I expected. ....... I'm sorry. It was boring, wasn't it?"
It was already three o'clock in the afternoon. It was already three o'clock in the afternoon, lunch time was over, and I was getting hungry.
I was so engrossed in looking at the tools that I didn't really feel tired, but Satsuki, who had been kept company the whole time, might have been bored out of her mind.
It's not that I'm bored. I've never been in a specialty store like that before, and everything I saw was fresh and new. So it was really fun.
"Besides, doesn't it make you look sparkling when the person you like is absorbed in something you like?
You know, like me taking care of my senior!
"Well, sure, that looks like a lot of fun, but ......"
Rather, it's more like she's full of life. I'm not sure what to do.
This is why I do it too. You can't help but want to spoil her and rely on her.
It's the same thing. When I see her enjoying herself, I get excited too.
So, instead of being bored. It was a lot of fun. Please take me there again. Senior.
"I see. ....... Yeah, thanks.
If this was with a normal girl, I would have questioned what was behind the words. I'm not sure if I'll be able to do that with a normal girl, but with Satsuki, there's no need.
I'm not sure what to say, but I'm going to say it.
By the way, it's getting pretty late. What should we do for lunch?　Is there anything you want to eat?"
"Do you have any suggestions?"
Hmmm... ....... I often go to a ramen shop around here.
Oh, that's good. Let's go there.
Huh?　Do you eat ramen too, Satsuki?
Yes, I do. What do you think I am?
No, I don't really have an image. ......
I don't really have an image of myself. I don't know, I don't really have an image of myself. ......
I can't imagine you slurping down hot noodles with a splitting beak in your hand. ...... It's hard to imagine.
It is true that I don't eat much, but I just don't have the opportunity. Ramen shops are mostly frequented by men, so it's hard to go in alone.
I also want to know more about what you like. I want to know a lot about what he likes. I want to know what kind of tastes he likes and what his hobbies are.
I want to know a lot of things like that. If possible, I'd like to like the same things as you.
Of course, it may not be all the same. Of course, we may not be able to do everything together. ......
But I want to shorten the distance between me and you, even if only a little, so that I can understand you better.
What do you think about ......?"
I'm not sure what to say, but I'm going to say it.
I'm sure you're aware that you've said something embarrassing. She even turned her neck bright red.
In order to answer her healthy thoughts, I squeeze out my own feelings.
I think it's the same for me. I don't know anything about what Satsuki likes, and I'd like to know more about it.
"Ehehe ....... I don't know anything about what you like and I want to know more about it. That means we both love each other, right?
Well, that's what ...... means, isn't it?
I'm not sure what to say.
I'm not sure what to do.
I'm not sure what to do. Senpai."
"I like you, senpai."
Oh, oh. ...... Thank you, .......
No, no, no, that's not what I meant. I want to know more about Satsuki's hobbies, her favorite foods, and so on. She wants to know more about that.
"Hmm. I'm pretty ordinary.
My favorite foods are pancakes and crepes. I like fresh cream.
My hobbies are ......, I guess. I don't really have any hobbies. ......
Oh, but I guess I can say that my hobby now is being with my senior.
"Seriously?　Would you call that a hobby?
"Yes. I'm having a lot of fun just being with you like this.
I wish this kind of time would continue forever. I can't help but think.
I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's worth it.
The future of ....... I've been daring not to think about it, but I guess I should come to a conclusion soon.
Satsuki has always told me how she feels about me. If that's the case, then what's next?
"Senpai?　Is there something wrong?"
Ah, no, it's nothing. Don't worry about it."
While I was denying it, I started to think about the future in my head.
It was fun, wasn't it? It's been a long time since I've had this much fun.
"Me too, I guess. I've been playing baseball all the time.
The two of us ate ramen, took a light walk, and talked about trivial things.
After that, we ate crepes recommended by Satsuki, and went for another walk.
After that, we ate crepes recommended by Satsuki and went for another walk.
From the outside, it might have been a boring date.
Whenever I spoke, Satsuki's expression would change and she would react, so the time passed in a blink of an eye.
I feel like I'm missing out. Even though we can meet again tomorrow at school.
I really don't want to leave you.
Me too. ......
Then I took a deep breath.
I'm not sure what to do.
You know what? I've got a few things I want to talk to you about.　I'd like to talk to you about something.
Is that a good story ......?
I'm sure it is. Come on, let's go."
I took Satsuki's hand in my own and started walking to a special place with a certain determination.
"Wow. It's beautiful.
"Right?　It's my favorite place.
I found this special place while jogging at night.
I had made up my mind that if I ever met someone I liked, I would definitely come here.
So, what is it that you want to talk to me about?
"Oh yeah, ...... that. ......"
When I was about to say something, I couldn't help but search for the right words.
But Satsuki always told me how she felt. I want to say it properly at least at times like this.
"......Satsuki always said that she liked me, but ....... It was so sudden that I didn't really feel it at first.
Baseball has always been all I've ever known. It was the first time for me to be told that a girl liked me.
Satsuki just listened to my monologue in silence.
That's why I couldn't stop myself from continuing my words.
"But I've been thinking about you all day, or even since we first met.
I want to be with you forever. I want to be with you forever, and from now on, forever. That's why ......
Please go out with me!
Senpai!
"Sa, Satsuki?"
I'm not sure what to make of this.
I'm not sure what to do. I've come to like you the most.
I never thought that you would confess to me.
That's right, if you told me how you felt, I'd want to tell you too.
"Hee hee. Then, I guess I've won the battle.　Phew, I'm so happy~.
My palms are getting a little sweaty from Satsuki squeezing my hand so hard.
But the pressure and her high body temperature only make me happy.
We're lovers now, aren't we? We're boyfriend and girlfriend, right?
"Yes. But there is one thing I want to ask you: ......
Baseball is also important to me, so I don't think we can go on dates too often.
Because of that, I'm worried that I might make Satsuki lonely. ......
It's okay. Senpai. I know all that, and I like you.
And I told you that, didn't I?
I told you that when someone you like is passionate about what they like, it makes them sparkle.
That's why I'm happy just watching you practice baseball.
"Besides, I'm the manager. Besides, I'm a manager, so my daily practice is like a date. So there's nothing to worry about.
Haha. Satsuki is so strong.
I can devote myself to what I love in front of the eyes of the person I love. What could be happier than that?
Now I am the happiest person in the world .......
I'm not sure what to say. Is there any time after this?
There is, but ....... It's already a pretty good time.　In fact, isn't Satsuki in more trouble than I am?
When I looked at the clock, it was already around eight in the evening.
I don't want to leave Satsuki just yet, but I heard that girls have a strict curfew, so we have to break up soon .......
In fact, my parents are overseas right now, so I'm home alone.
So, you know, ....... Why don't you come and stay at my house today?
Two lovers staying at home. That's what I mean by that. ......
I swallowed my saliva in anticipation of what would happen next. I'm not sure what to make of this, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
"Well, then, let's go to ......."
Yes, yes, please ......."
Satsuki and I both turned red as we walked awkwardly to her house.
We didn't say a word to each other, but our hearts were still in each other's hands. That's how I felt.