The day after I started a new relationship with Satsuki. I went back to my house to get ready and then came to practice as usual.
No matter how much Satsuki and I became lovers, she was still my manager, and now it was practice time.
You have to brace yourself and get into practice, even though you know that .......
I'm not sure what to say. Good morning.
Oh, oh ....... Good morning.
"Hmm, senpai. Your face is smiling.
I think you're imagining things.
"Oh, really?"
I turned my face away as if to escape from Satsuki who was trying to peek at my face while saying that.
If I showed her my face, she would know that what Satsuki said was true.
By the way, I think I'll be smiling all day.
"Because I'm tied to the person I love, and he's right in front of me ......."
Isn't it funny how happy and fluffy that makes you feel?
That's ...... well, ......
I'm not sure what to say, but the truth is that I feel the same way as Satsuki.
It's just that it's a bit embarrassing to admit it honestly,.......
I'm not sure what to say. I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but it's a good idea.
"Well, I don't know. I don't know.
"Mmm. ....... Senior, please look at me properly!
"Hey, senpai. Please look at me!
Satsuki grabbed my hand and came so close that her breath grazed my cheek.
Her full breasts are pressed against my arms, and I can directly feel her pounding heartbeat.
"Say, Satsuki, you're close. ......"
'Hmm, I've been reserved until now. I've been reserved until now, but now we're boyfriend and girlfriend.
So, I won't let you get away with it now. Please answer me properly, senior.
"Well, let's see, ....... Do I have to answer now?
No, not at all. Are you really that embarrassed?
That's ....... .......
Oh, my God. What a senior!
Whoa!
Oh, no. Please don't be so shy. You're making my heart sizzle.
Haa ....... Senpai ......, gyuuuu~."
The power of Satsuki's arm is added, and her face is buried in my chest.
And then the heat rises from the valley, as if she is sweating, and the fragrant scent fills my lungs.
'Since we're already together, there's no problem with us making out like this, right?
I think he was on my lap or something before we started dating. ......
I was a little reserved about it. I was a little hesitant about it. I couldn't really squeeze him this hard.
But you don't have to worry about that from now on, do you?
That's why you were so reserved. ......
I think you've been very skinny since the first time. ......
I'm sure you'll agree. Yes, I was reserved.　But the truth is, there are many, many more things I want to do.
"Well, ...... what exactly?"
"Well, you know. For example, .......
For example: ...... - "Not just hugging you like this, but also kneeling on your knees, patting your head, ....... I also make her lunch.
"Of course, I also want to help you a lot with your practice. Of course, I want to help you a lot with your practice, so please feel free to tell me anything.
I want to support my favorite senior, both as a girlfriend and as a manager.
Thank you. Thank you, Satsuki. I love you too, Satsuki. I love you too.
Haaah~. Senpai-senpai~. I love you too, senpai~.
The moment I revealed my honest feelings, Satsuki's voice bounced so much that a star mark appeared in her eyes.
And then, she squeezed my face even more tightly against her chest.
The warmth, body heat, and the soft weight of her face wrapped around my entire body, made me feel unconscious.
Haha ....... I feel so much more relaxed when I hug my senpai. ...... I want to do this all the time. ......"
"Of course, I'm nervous, but ....... Of course I'm nervous, but ...... I feel a strong sense of security that my senior is here .......
"I'm nervous, though ....... Satsuki, you're so soft.
No matter how much Satsuki hugged me with her full maternal power, it was nothing but an act that stimulated my sexual desire.
I'm not sure what to make of this.
I can't practice like this, can I? I'm sorry."
I was so happy about yesterday that I got carried away. I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
No, I'm happy to be with Satsuki too. There's nothing to apologize for.
"Hmph. Senpai is very kind after all. I want to make out with you more and more, but ....... I'll hold back for now.
I'm not going to interfere with your practice!　I'm going to go spray the schoolyard with water.
I'm going to go water the schoolyard." With that, Satsuki left me and went to the watering hole to get a hose.
I was almost taken aback by her dazzling figure, but I started to stretch.
"Senpai, today's practice menu is running and swinging. How about some wall guesses?
"I think that's good. I think that's a good idea. - Or rather, the usual.
That's right, ....... You're right, ....... There's only so much practice you can do on your own. ......
I wish I had more knowledge about baseball.
No, no, it's not Satsuki's fault.
Baseball is a team sport. I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're going to be doing.
...... Um, I've been thinking..."
How about ......, where I practice with my senpai?"
"Eh?　But Satsuki has no experience in baseball, right?
Yes, ....... So, I think there is very little I can do. In fact, I think I might be dragging you down. ......
"But I'm a good athlete, so I'm sure I can handle it!
So, will you allow me to practice with you?
"It's not a matter of forgiveness or anything like that. I'm worried that Satsuki will get injured.
Injuries are inevitable in sports. I'm not sure what to do.
I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that. I also don't want to get hurt, no matter how much it's for my senior. ......
I don't want to injure Satsuki either. I'm not going to be able to regret it if I do that.
It would be nice if there was a practice where Satsuki could participate and there was less risk of injury. ......
"That's right~. Hmmm ......"
I'm sure you'll be able to find something that works for you.
I'm sure you'll be able to find something that works for you.
That's right!　Let's play catch, senpai!
I've always wanted to do that.　I've always wanted to try it.
I've always wanted to try it. - Well, it's true that playing catch would be okay?
If I throw as softly as I can to Satsuki, she won't get hurt.
In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can contact us at the web site.
And catching a ball is a symbol of youth, and I really admired it.
I remember reading a baseball comic book about a group of boys playing catch in the evening sun on a riverbed.
"I've read a baseball manga called 'The Little Red Riding Hood'!"
I've read a baseball manga called, "Oh, well, ......, yeah. I can kind of imagine it. Catching a ball has the meaning of communication, you know.
"So it is. Is it like an exchange of souls?
"It's not that big of a deal, but ....... It's not that big of a deal, but you can tell how the other person feels by the ball, even if you don't say it in words.
It's also important to be considerate of how easy it is to throw the ball for the other player to catch.
"I see. I see. I'm learning a lot!
Satsuki nodded repeatedly in admiration.
With Satsuki, I may not be able to play catch properly like someone with baseball experience.
But if I can communicate with her through playing catch, I'll be happy.
So, let's play. Let's play catch. I'll lend you my glove."
"Yes!　Heh heh. I can finally play baseball with my senpai at ....... I'm so excited!
Haha, you're exaggerating. Don't put too much pressure on yourself. You have to have fun first.
"Yes!"
I handed over my spare glove to Satsuki with a big smile on my face.
I handed her my spare glove. Let's go!
"Oh. Come anytime~.
Satsuki happily raised her hand and waved it wide as if to show the ball to me.
I also waved my hand in response, and made a big gesture to make it as easy as possible to throw.
"That's it!　That~!"
Satsuki throws the ball to me with what is called a hand throw, using only the tip of her elbow.
As I expected, the ball drew a low, slow parabola and fell far in front of me.
I can't reach it at all. ...... I can't reach it at all. ......"
You're only using your elbows, right?　You need to use your shoulders, hips, and your whole body more. Like this ......."
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to try to make it as easy as possible for her.
I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that. I got it!
"Nice catch!
"That's amazing, senior. You can reach the ball properly, can't you?
That's because you're experienced. You don't have to push yourself, Satsuki. You'll hurt your muscles if you push yourself too hard.
Yes. Let's see, use your whole body. ......
Here we go!
What?
What's wrong?　Senior.
No, there's nothing wrong with .......
I'm totally exposed!　My underwear!
It's hard to stay in this position, so I'll just throw it off. Yeah!
I'm not sure what to do with it.
It's still an awkward motion, but it seems to reach much farther than before.
(But that's not the point...)
I could clearly see Satsuki's pants.
It was just a practice session, but she was wearing very mature underwear.
Could it be that she's wearing a set of underwear? That's all I could think about.
"Hi!　Ball, ball!
Oh, oh, sorry, sorry.
It seems that while I was dumbfounded, I had deflected the ball backwards in a big way.
I hurriedly chased after the rolling ball.
What's wrong with you?　What's the matter? I'm suddenly a little fuzzy.
"Oh, no, ...... nothing, ......"
There was no way I could tell ...... that I was looking at my pants. There was no way I could say that.
"Oh, could it be ...... my senior ......?"
"Oh, my God. ......"
I'm not sure if my throwing was too bad.
What?
No?　I thought you'd be disappointed that I'm not as good as you expected.
No, no, no. You don't talk so harshly to a beginner.
Then what was the reason?
It was ......."
I was at a loss for words and couldn't think of a good excuse.
I couldn't think of a good excuse. Come on, let's continue playing catch.
I tried to force the conversation to end.
"Yes, ....... I'll throw the ball again.
"Hey. Are you ready?
Ready when you are.
This time, don't let the pants fool you, you've got to catch it ......!
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do.
I'm sure you'll agree. I'm not sure what's wrong with my form.
It's not that I'm saying that. It's not that I don't like it, but I'm trying to get it right this time so it doesn't deflect. Ha, ha, ha.
"Is that so?　Then, let's go. That's it."
I'm not sure what to make of it.
This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
(......The thighs are beautiful. ......)
I'm not sure what to say.
What?
Oh, my God!
Hey, are you okay?　Senpai!
I'm fine. ....... It was unexpected, so I just overreacted. ......"
I'm sure you'll be able to understand what I mean.
It's a good thing it only hit me lightly, and there doesn't seem to be any swelling.
I'm not sure what to do. Could it be that you have heat stroke?
No, it's not that.
Then what's the matter?
It's ...... well, it's ...... well, it's ......
It's getting harder and harder to fake it, and I should probably be honest about it.
I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but it's a good idea. It's hard to point out the ...... goofy .......
I'm not sure what to say. If you hide it that well, it makes me wonder about it. ......
Anyway, it's not like I've done anything rude, is it?
Of course not, it's more like I'm the one being rude. ......
"You?　You mean to me?
Oh, yeah, ....... But it's okay now!　It won't happen a third time!
Ummm ......."
She put her index finger on her chin and pretended to think about it for a while.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
I understand. I'm not sure what to make of it.
I'm sure you'll be happy with that,.......
Satsuki smiled meaningfully and stood a few meters away from me with the ball.
Her appearance doesn't look much different than it did a while ago,....... I wonder if she really hasn't noticed anything.
I'm sure you're right. Before you actually throw the ball, can I have a look at your form?"
"Sure."
Thank you very much. Okay. Like this, raise your legs like this.
With a big motion, Satsuki starts shadow pitching.
When she swings her arms, her large breasts move with her, her skirt flips up, and then she swings her arms down with great force.
"Hmm. What do you think?"
...... That was really powerful. ......
Powerful?　Is that a compliment?
Oh, yeah, of course!　I think it's a nice dynamic form!
It made my boobs sway and I wondered if I was really wearing a bra. ......
I only had my eyes on the skirt, but even the top half of her body was too evil.
I can't show this to anyone else. No way.
The next time, I'll try throwing more slowly. Ready?"
This time, he swung slowly, as if in slow motion, as if he was in a hurry.
The left leg slowly rises, and the skirt rises.
The white, taut thighs were exposed three times.
And the depths of her skirt, which are usually impossible to see.
"Oh my god. If you wanted to see so much, you should have told me.
It's obvious what you're looking at. Senpai.
Oh, ......
I was wondering why you were acting strangely. ......