Good morning. Seniors, it's another great day for practice!"
I never thought you'd really come. ......
One day after the shocking encounter - or rather reunion - with Satsuki.
I was waiting for her in the schoolyard with a smile on her face, as if to blow away my doubtful feelings about whether she would come or not.
It's natural, isn't it? Yesterday, you made a promise to your senpai.
I'm going to manage you from tomorrow onward!　I promised him.
You didn't believe me, by any chance?
No, no, no!　That's not true!　I was just surprised!
At the words of Satsuki, I immediately shook my head from side to side.
It's not that I doubted it, but the story was too good to ...... be true. I can't believe it for a second.
Look at this. I've prepared towels for wiping sweat and drinks in case you get thirsty.
We also have stopwatches and ...... to measure various times. And garbage bags!
With this, senpai can concentrate on practicing, right?"
Saying this, Sazuki opens the drum bag that is placed by her side.
Inside, as she said, it was filled with goodies that the manager often carries around with him.
'Oh ...... wow. Perfect. ....... Have you been a manager before?
No, its ....... Actually, this is my first time ....... In fact, I don't even know much about baseball at all. ......
So I looked it up on the Internet yesterday and bought everything I needed on the way to school.
"So you went that far ....... I'll pay you. How much did it cost?
I'm not going to tell you.　It's what I like to do.
"That being said, ......
I'll use it for my personal use when I don't have any club activities. In other words, you're lending my personal belongings to my seniors."
"Well, I wonder if ...... it's okay."
"It's fine. I said it's fine.
I've been working hard all this time on my own. 
Sazuki keeps smiling, but I sense a firm will behind her words.
It seems that she has no intention of making me pay no matter what.
If you have done something wrong, please let me know and I'll fix it. I'll fix it.
I'm fine," he says, "it's perfect so far. In fact, it's so perfect that I'm surprised.
I'm glad to hear that. It's all new to me, and I was worried if I was doing well. ......
The luggage was heavy. It was hard work to bring it. But when my seniors were so happy, my exhaustion was gone.
I guess they were relieved from the bottom of their hearts. The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a look at the pictures.
She's going to go to such great lengths for me. In order to reward them for that, I have to put my energy into today's practice.
All right, I'm going to do my best!
Hmph. Senpai is in high spirits today.
"Really?　As usual.
I am somewhat embarrassed to admit it honestly, so I end up saying such things.
They say that a man shows his attitude, not his words, and I want to show her my good side.
But please don't try too hard. Even if it's just for the sake of being a senior, you're just too much of a hard-worker.
Don't worry, don't worry. I showed her my lackadaisical attitude yesterday, so I'll do my best today.
"Ummm, I don't think so, and you don't have to do it well. ......
But it's the seniors who practice. The most important thing to remember is that you should never be afraid to ask for help. I'm not sure how to do it.
"First of all, you should do as your senpai says and try various things."
"Uh-huh?　I understand.
What do you mean I don't have to practice hard?　If you cut corners, that's not practice at all. ......
Well, that's okay. If I think about other things, I'll get hurt. For now, concentrate on practice. ......
First, let's do 10 laps of the schoolyard......, no, let's do 20!
I got back into the swing of things and ran to the field under the blazing sun.
--And then, a few minutes later.
"...... senpai, is there anything you want to say?"
"...... sorry."
'You don't have to apologize,....... But please be sorry, okay?"
As expected, heat stroke for two days in a row is too reckless.
I'm going to stop now. I told him to stop, but he didn't stop at all.
Yes. ......
I listen to Satsuki's words as if I were a dog reflecting on his actions.
I started running without much stretching, so I got battered faster than usual. ......
The result was that I was completely battered by the sun, and I couldn't even get a word in edgewise. The most important thing to remember is that you should not be too serious about your work.
I think it's good that you're so serious, but you should take better care of yourself.
It's very sad to see a senior almost fall down.
'Yeah ....... Sorry ......."
I'm sorry. The most important thing to remember is that you are not alone. The most important thing to remember is that you should never forget to do so.
The most important thing to remember is that you should not be afraid to ask for help from your friends and family.
Saying that, Satsuki slowly strokes my hair.
But why did you do such a reckless thing today?"
"I wanted to show ...... Satsuki a good part of me.
I'm already ...... senpai!"
While saying that, Satsuki looked into my face with a firm gaze.
I'm in love with senpai from the start. I'm in love with you.
As a woman, I'm happy that you think of me as special, but there's no need for you to force yourself on me.
I love you no matter what kind of senior you are.
Satsuki ......
Satsuki's kind words made my eyes burn unintentionally.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a look at your own personal life.
The most important thing to remember is that you can't get a better deal than this.
The fever has gone down considerably, hasn't it? What do you want to do?　Do you want to continue practicing?"
If ...... Satsuki will let me, I want to do it."
"I know I keep bothering you and I know I'm being selfish, but ......
I don't think I'm bothering you. I'm just doing what I want to do.
I'm just doing what I want to do. The most important thing to remember is that you should never be afraid to ask for help. You're okay with it now, right?
I don't have a headache anymore. My head doesn't hurt anymore.
I'm glad to hear that. I'm sure you'll be able to find a way to get a good deal on it.　If you don't tell me before you collapse, I'll be in trouble.
"Ha-ha-ha, okay, okay.
I stood up with a laugh and put my hat back on tightly.
I will not force myself anymore. But I'm going to practice hard. I'm going to do what I always do, exactly as I always do.
All right, let's go!"
I grabbed my bat and moved to a slightly more open area.
"Next, you're going to swing?
Yes, I'm going to do about a hundred.
Then, let's take a break every ten. Don't you feel you can concentrate more that way?
"Hmmm. But 10 times seems like it would be over too soon. ......
But it doesn't change the fact that we will do a total of 100 times, does it?
And if you divide it into such small portions. I don't have to worry about falling over.
"...... hi."
I throw my hands up in the air and surrender, as if there is no way I can stand up when you say that.
I'll count the times for you. I'll count the number of times, and you concentrate on swinging.
Okay."
I put my feet about shoulder-width apart, grip the bat firmly, and take a swinging stance. I take a swinging position.
Then, let's begin.
"Yes, sir. Ready when you are.
Boom!
Yee-ha ha!
Boom!
Two.
Every time I swing the bat, Satsuki's count increases.
I felt an indescribable sense of fulfillment from that, and I couldn't help but get more enthusiastic with each swing.
Hachi, kyu!
Hachi, kyu!
Yes, that's it. Thank you for your hard work.
Yes, I'm done. Would you like a towel?　Or would you like a drink?"
"Okay, I'll have a ...... drink."
Okay. Here you go!
I received a drink from Satsuki and moistened my mouth.
I'm not too thirsty, but the coldness of it is pleasant right now.
I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a drink. Thank you.
You're welcome. After you take a breather, shall we resume?
I guess so. I was swinging the bat really well earlier, so I want to do it before I forget.
I want to do it again before I forget. I'll count again.
Here we go. I'm going to count again.
Thus, with Satsuki watching over me, I continued to practice swinging, hitting the wall, and pulling tires.
I'm tired of practicing today, too. Senpai.
"Good work, Satsuki, too. Aren't you tired of watching me practice all the time?
"That's not true. I was happy to be by your side the whole time.
Oh, oh. ......
The most important thing to remember is that you should not be afraid to ask for help. 
And you should never forget to thank your partner for all of his or her hard work and dedication.
I should be thanking her for that, but I'm too shy to move my mouth.
I'm embarrassed, but I can't move my mouth.　How did you feel today?
I said, "Well, I guess so, ....... Hmmm..."
I took a deep breath so that Satsuki would not see through my embarrassment.
I think it finally brought down the fever in my head.
I think I was able to concentrate more than usual. It's different when people are watching you.
I see.　I'm glad. I wasn't intruding, was I?
I wasn't intruding. It was very reassuring. Thank you for that ....... For everything.
"Hehehe~. I'm so happy that my senpai made me so happy. I'm so happy, I feel like I'm going crazy.
But I want my senpai to be more pleased with me. So, if there is anything I can do to improve today, please don't hesitate to tell me.
I'm sure I've been more than adequately taken care of today. I was taken care of more than enough today, so I don't have anything in particular ...... to be concerned about.
Really?　
Actually, I'm not sure what you're talking about.
This is ...... something I'm going to have to suggest to make the place go away. ......
But what ...... should I say ......? Yes!
'Then ....... I'd appreciate it if you could bring some cooling spray tomorrow. The kind that reduces muscle inflammation."
The kind you shoo when you hurt a muscle or something?"
Yes, yes, that's it.
I heard that it is effective not only when you have an injury, but also when you feel some kind of tension.
So it would be nice if you could prepare it for me. ......
I understand.  Thank you for your advice.
I feel like I'm one step closer to becoming a great manager now.
I think Sazuki already stands on her own as a manager without having to do this.
Apparently, the ideal she is aiming for is far away.
"So that ....... Can I join your practice as a manager tomorrow as well?"
Of course!　In fact, I'd like to ask you to join us.
I'm glad to hear that. I'm sure you'll be able to be with your seniors tomorrow!　I'm looking forward to working with you tomorrow, too, senpai!
"Oh, it's nice to meet you, too!
I smile at her as naturally as I can.
I feel like I can concentrate more on practice when she is around, and I would rather ask her to be my manager.
I'm over here. See you tomorrow.
"Yeah, see you tomorrow."
I leave the place with a wave of my hand, feeling a sense of regret.
I thought about saying, "I'll walk you home,......," but I thought it might be too abrupt,.......
No, no, no, practice and baseball first for now. Love comes after that."
First of all, I will make good results in the red-and-white games after the Bon Festival, and then I will be on the bench for the fall tournament.
After we get those results, then we can think about the future. If we worry about it now, I think we'll be stuck in the same situation.
Okay, let's do it!
"Whew. The first day is over. I'm tired.
I came home, put the towels soiled from practice in the washing machine, and finally took a break.
My skin was still burning from being outside all day, even though I had been wearing sunscreen all day.
But ....... It's not the only reason I'm so chubby."
It's the first time I've been with a senior for such a long time. I've been on my knees with my seniors today too.
I wonder if she thought I was a bold girl ....... But maybe that's a good thing?"
Because senpai, baseball comes first. And if I don't take a little initiative, he's going to forget about me.
I don't want to interfere with practice, but seniors are too rooted to begin with,....... I think it's okay to take a break with me for a little bit.
I mean, I think it would be better if you approached me more."
'You know, I've noticed the way you look at me and ......
Like the way you look up at my boobs from below, or the way you glance at me while pretending to ...... look at me.
I knew he wanted to ask me out on the way home today, too,.......
"If you were a senior, I'd be happy to take you home. ......
My parents happen to be traveling overseas and won't be home for a while.
I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a new one, but it's a good idea.
I'm not sure if it's too aggressive, but I'm sure it's a good idea.　Wah, wah!
I involuntarily wriggle my face into the cushion.
But I can't stop my heart, even though I think it's a bit too much.
"I wonder if senpai is aware of my feelings. ...... I'm sure she understands, because I told her so, but ......
But he's so kind, he might be paying attention to me in a strange way. ......
"Tomorrow, I'll try to be a little more aggressive. ......
The manager and the lover are the same in the sense that they both support the other person. The most important thing to remember is that you can be a good manager and a good lover at the same time.
The most important thing to remember is that you should be able to do it right. I'm not sure how much I'm going to be able to do.
I'm not sure what to do. I have to do my best!
I got up and started preparing for tomorrow.