"Yes. Then you should relax. I'll wash every inch of you."
Is ...... this your reward, by any chance?
"Yes. You look very tired, and the chlorine can cause skin irritation.
So I'm going to wash your hands for you today.
No, that's ...... too much to ask."
A young man and woman huddle together in a small shower room.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
It's okay. It's a healthy thing to do, since you're both wearing swimsuits.
And these days, there are even hot springs where you can bathe with your swimsuit on.
If you think of it as an extension of that, there's nothing wrong with it.
Do you think so?
"Yes, definitely."
Since Satsuki assures me so with a smile, I start to think that maybe I'm wrong.
In addition, despite all the theories, I would also be happy if Satsuki washed my hair. ......
I'm not sure what to do.
So can you please ......?
Please leave it to me!
Then, I'll start the shower right away. Let's start with the right arm.
Satsuki pulled my hand and let my right hand touch the water flow of the shower.
My fingertips are wrapped in just the right temperature, and I can't help but let out a sigh of relief.
How is it?　Is it too hot or too cold?
No, it's fine. It's just right.
It's just right." "Good." "Then, I'll run the whole thing.
Okay, senpai. Please take another half step forward.
When I did as I was told, the shower water splashed not only my right arm, but also my right shoulder and my entire upper body.
The water flow was weak for a hot tub ......, but it still made me feel at ease, probably because I was with Satsuki.
If the shower is removable, I can wash a little better. ......
I'm not that type of person, so I'm sorry, but can you move it yourself?
I don't mind, but ....... Then how is Satsuki going to wash me?"
This would mean that Satsuki would just be watching me take a shower.
"If you just spray water from above, there might be some left over, right?
So I'll wash her with my hands like this.
Wait, Satsuki!
Before I can stop her, Satsuki's hand is stroking my breastplate.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
I'm not sure what to do.
I'm sure you're right. ...... At least use a towel or something. ......
"You know, it's easier to apply more or less pressure with your hands. It gives you a gentler wash.
"Besides, it's more comfortable for you, isn't it?"
That's ...... well, yes.
Satsuki's soft and supple hands gently caress my breastplate.
It's a different feeling from washing myself. I can't stop my heart from pounding, partly because Satsuki is right in front of me.
"Your body is so toned. It's very masculine.
There's no useless muscle, no fat. Just touching it makes me nervous.
You can even see the striations of the muscles. Do you mind if I touch your abs?
No problem.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go to ....... Wow, I didn't know abdominal muscles were so bumpy.
I've seen them in pictures, but this is the first time I've actually touched them.
I've seen pictures of them, but this is the first time I've actually touched them." Satsuki traced the crease of my abdominal muscles with her fingertips.
I'm sure you've seen the pictures, but this is your first time actually touching them.
I'm not sure what to do. Senpai, don't move suddenly.
"Because Satsuki tickles you, right?"
''Hmm, sorry. It was my first time touching someone's abdominal muscles, so I got excited.
Then, I'll wash it properly this time.
This time, Satsuki's entire palm is pressed against my stomach.
I could feel Satsuki's body heat and heartbeat through my skin. I feel her closer to me.
Isn't it ticklish this time?
No, I'm fine. It feels good.
Then I'll continue.
Thus, I left the shower room feeling refreshed after having Satsuki wash every inch of my body.