So, for the first time in my life, I was invited to her house.
I was nervous and fidgety, and I thought it would be a sweet and sour memory.
But....
"Hi, sir. Are you okay?　"Senpai!"
"Hmm?　Oh, it's okay. ...... It's okay. ......
Where was the development that I had initially expected? I'm so sleepy now that I'm almost unconscious.
I was about to fall asleep.　You'll catch a cold if you sleep like that. Can I lend you a bed?"
"No, no, that's not possible. ......"
Shaking my head, which felt quite heavy, I put all my strength into my legs, trying to stand up.
But sadly. My knees were weak from all the walking around on the date and from being so uptight about confessing my feelings.
'You don't have to take it easy, you can stay the night, okay?　My parents won't be home for a while.
I'll feel safer if you stay here. Right?"
Oh, yes!　I'll lend you my bed. I'll lend you my bed. It's soft and fluffy, and I'm sure you'll sleep well.
I was about to affirm those words for a moment because of Satsuki's words and my drowsiness, but then I realized that ...... was not the right place.
It's okay. You don't have to go that far. ......"
I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
I'm not sure what to say, but I'm going to say it. It's not that I have any guilty feelings,......, but I'm sure I don't,.......
If push comes to shove, I'll sleep on the couch. If it comes to it, I'll sleep on the couch, and you can go about your day as usual.
You can't get tired if you sleep on a hard surface like this.　You have to practice tomorrow, so you should sleep in a proper place.
"That's true. ......"
I can only give a vague reply to Satsuki's righteous argument.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure I'm not the only one.
I can only reply vaguely, "Well, you didn't look this sleepy when you arrived home, did you?　Did something happen to you?
"What do you mean?" "Well, ......."
I remembered everything that had happened since I arrived here.
I remembered what I had been doing since I arrived here: "Welcome back, senior. You're tired, aren't you?　Please sit there for a moment.
"Here, take this. Here is some herbal tea that will help you get rid of fatigue. It's hot, so please drink it slowly.
Oh. That's right. I'll make some aroma for you. It will calm you down and help you relax.
I'll also put on some healing music at ....... It's perfect.
Please sit back and relax. I'll take care of everything around you.
(I think anyone would get sleepy if they were so blissfully soothed. ......)
(I think anyone would fall asleep if they were so comfortably soothed.) However, I can't say too strongly because I'm sure Satsuki did everything with good intentions.
Now, I don't know what to say in my defense. ......
I'm not sure what to say. I'm not sure what to say. You could have relied on me more."
"That's right. Would you like me to sleep with you so that you can sleep well?
So, I'll sing a lullaby to her and give her a light tap on her stomach. I'll sing you a lullaby and pat you on the stomach.
I'm glad you feel that way, but ...... I don't think it's a good idea.
It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation. In the event that you have any kind of questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can contact us at the web site.
I've been worrying about this for a while now, and it's frustrating that I can't seem to accept her feelings.
So, please go to ....... Please let me have a massage at least."
It's part of your job as a manager, isn't it?　Right?
Well, at least that's ......."
I finally gave in to her suggestion and shook my head.
This would not be impure sexual intercourse, and more importantly, I wanted to respond to her feelings of desperation.
Thank you very much!　Then I'll do my best to make you feel good.
I'll do my best to make you feel good." "Come on, come on upstairs. I'll give you a massage in my room.
No, no, that's not ......
I can't give you a massage on the couch, and I can't give you a massage on the floor, can I?
I have a bed in my room. I have a bed in my room. It's the perfect place for a massage.
"No, ...... uh, ...... that kind of ......?"
I can't believe we're alone in her room. I'm not sure if this would be considered impure sexual intercourse,.......
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
"Then please relax, senpai. I'll start the lymphatic massage.
"By the way, lymphatic massage means massaging the lymph glands and their surroundings. That's what it means.
"This massage is effective for recovering from fatigue, so it's perfect for you who are tired from daily practice.
"Oh, if you get sleepy, you can fall asleep.　I had a body massage once, and it was very relaxing.
"Oh, yeah, ......."
I vaguely affirmed, but my eyes were actually brighter than before and I couldn't help it.
Because, in front of me. You can see Satsuki's cleavage .......
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep with my heart pounding if I'm shown something like this.
However, it's ....... She's trying to heal me.
I had to get my mind back to normal so I wouldn't waste that favor.
I'll start the massage then. I'll start with your lower collarbone.
Then, she leaned forward to close the distance between us.
This makes the cleavage even more pronounced, and it's right in front of my eyes. ......
"Satsuki ...... is close .......
But if you don't do this, you can't massage it ....... You can't even put any effort into it.
That may be true, but ......
Are you embarrassed?
That's ...... well, yeah.
I finally shook my head honestly.
I'm a little embarrassed too, you know?　I've never been this close to a man before. ......
But, I'm your lover and manager. But I'm his girlfriend and manager, so I think the most important thing right now is to heal him.
What about you, senior?　Do you want to be healed by me?
"I am ......."
I thought about my response for a while. What do I want her to do to me?
But I didn't need to think about that, the answer was already decided.
I also want to be healed ....... I want to be pampered by Satsuki. ......
Yes♪ Please pamper me a lot. You don't have to do anything for your senpai.
Then, let's go. I'm sure you'll love it.
Satsuki's thumb pressed under my collarbone, and hot breath leaked from my mouth.
This is a massage, this is a massage, this is a massage, I chanted over and over in my head, trying not to let my guilty feelings get the better of me.
It's a massage. Does it feel good?"
"Yes, it feels good."
"Good ......, mmm. I'm glad. ...... If you have any requests, please let me know, okay?　Mmm ...... mmm ......."
Slowly but steadily, the pressure points were stimulated, and the painful sensation spread slowly.
As usual, the sight was visually heinous, but the relaxation gradually overcame that.
It's a great way to relax your shoulders,......," he said. My fingers can go deeper now.
"But somehow. I feel like my dominant hand is more stiff.
I'm throwing the ball with that hand, you know?
Then I'll give you a massage, focusing on this side. Then I'll focus on massaging this side. ......"
Satsuki changed her position a little and put more weight on her dominant hand side.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. You can almost see her underwear,.......
What?　The stiffness seems to have become stronger again. ......?　I'm not sure if I'm putting too much pressure on it, senior.
Yeah, I don't think so.
Yes, I am. It's hard to get my fingers in there. Please relax, okay?
Yeah. ......
However, once I started to worry about it, I became even more conscious of it.
You can't get rid of your gaze from the breasts that sway softly whenever Satsuki exerts herself.
--It's not good if it continues like this.
It's time to start massaging different parts. It's about time you massaged a different part of my body.
"Really?　Your shoulders are still tired, aren't they?
You know, it's not good to concentrate on one area too much. Everything has to be balanced, right?
"I see. ...... You're right.
"Okay, I understand. Next, let's look at the inside of the elbow. I'm sure you've been using it a lot too, right?
While saying that, Satsuki took my arm and started massaging it.
Thanks to the slight rise in my body position, the view of my cleavage became a little milder. I guess reasonably I should be happy about this, but I also feel a bit sad.
Your face looks like it's feeling really good. Is the massage working that well?"
"Yes, ....... Yes, ....... It seems I've been tired after all. ......
I think so. It has become quite hard. ...... I think you should continue to get regular massages.
Also, it is important to stretch. Stretching is also important. It will make your body less tired.
That's right. ......
I know I should have responded more tactfully, but I was feeling so good that my head was starting to feel dizzy.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it. ......
I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. The next step is the left elbow. Please give me your arm.
......."
I put my left hand out to her without effort.
She doesn't look uncomfortable and accepts my arm, even though it must have a certain weight.
I'm not sure if this is a good idea or not.
"Your dominant hand and your non-dominant hand are quite different in arm thickness, aren't they?
I think it would be better to train the non-dominant hand as well.
Yeah, that's ...... ...... fluffy ......."
"Hmmm. It's a big yawn. I'm sure you'll be able to understand why.
That's ...... fluffy. Is that a compliment?
I'm praising you. If you compare it to a dog, when you are playing baseball, your senior is like a shepherd, but now your senior is like a Shiba Inu.
I don't know about you, but I'm going to go to ....... Does that mean you were dignified when you were playing baseball and now you are cute ......?
I'm not sure what to make of this.
I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that.
I'm not sure what to do. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
"Yes, I'm going to relax."
As Satsuki relaxes her fingers, a soft heat spreads throughout her arms.
I can see that the blood flow in my body is getting better and better, and I'm starting to sweat.
The blood circulation seems to have improved a lot, and the elbow seems to be good enough. The last one--"
Satsuki's hand left my arm and traced my breastplate, gradually going down .......
"Wait, wait!　Where are you trying to touch me?
"Where?" ....... It's on the inside of your thigh. There are large lymphatic vessels running through here, so it's a great place for a massage.
Is that so?
No, but that doesn't mean I can't let Satsuki touch my lower body.
Then please relax. I'm sure your feet are tired too.
No, no, no!　I'm fine!　I'm fine! I'm really fine!
Really, I'm fine! - Really?　But ......
Come on, massage the rest of my body, too. I'm feeling a lot of tension in my back.
Is that so?　Then ......".
While saying this, Satsuki removes her hand from my lower body.
I was relieved and a little disappointed, but with an ambiguous feeling, I got down on my back.
Then I'll start massaging your shoulders. Start with your right shoulder. ......"
One, two, three, four, five ......
...... while listening to Satsuki's relaxed countdown.
As I lay on my face, my consciousness was cut off.