No, no, no, no!
Basin!
Ooh, ....... Come on, .......
Hey, Senpai!　What are you doing?
No, I'm just trying to cheer myself up. ......
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
I think I hit it harder than I thought ....... But it woke me up.
There is no way that Satsuki, who always puts me first, would do something like this without a second thought.
So there must be a reason for this. Finally, I came up with the answer.
"Thank you, Satsuki. I'm fine now."
"Um, ...... what, sir?"
You were trying to distract me by showing me your thighs so that I wouldn't get upset no matter what happened during the game, right?
''Yeah, um, ...... that's .......''
Satsuki stammered with a slightly troubled expression.
But Satsuki's reaction is not unreasonable. I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
No, it's okay. You don't have to explain in detail. I'm glad that you think so much of me.
But I'm fine now. So you don't have to do anything to make me upset.
I didn't ...... mean to do that.
But if you say so. I'll try not to show it again. I was a little ...... embarrassed, too.
"Yeah. I'll do my best to not worry Satsuki.
I can't keep giving Satsuki trouble forever.
I can't keep bothering Satsuki forever. I have to practice with more enthusiasm and answer her wishes!
"Alright!　I'm motivated!　I'm going to go tee batting!
It's hot again today, so please don't overdo it.
It's okay, it's okay!
I stand on the scorching hot field, holding the bat as if steam is rising from it.
I stood there, holding the bat in my hand, trying to calm myself down, seriously, seriously.
Let's do this!
I started swinging with all my might, full of enthusiasm.
"Ninety-six!"
Click!
"#97!"
Boom!
"Senpai, I think you should take a break..."
"No, a little more!"
I've been swinging the bat since then, and my head is starting to spin.
But I feel that unless I exceed the number of times I set for myself, I won't be able to exceed my limit either.
"Ninety-eight!"
Click!
"#99!"
Snap!
"Damn it, one more time!"
You're sweating, your face is red, and you're about to collapse. You're sweating, your face is red, and you look like you're about to collapse.
Oh, just two more times.
To be honest, my body is dizzy, my head is foggy, and I understand that I have to end this quickly.
And it's not my intention to make Satsuki worry ....... And yet!
I'm sure you'll agree.　I'll be back.
Click!
"Last!"
Ka-King.
Haha ...... haha ...... done ......
Good work. "Thanks for your hard work, senpai. But you're working a little too hard.
"I'm always serious, but today I'm especially so. ...... To be honest, I was a little worried when I saw you.
Oh, ha ha ....... I'm sorry, I'm sorry ....... I was a little too enthusiastic ...... haha ......."
In order to answer Satsuki's feelings, I feel like I've lightly pushed myself past my limits.
You can find a lot of people who are looking for the best way to get the most out of their lives. Anyway, I feel really good.
Oh my god, I'm so sweaty ....... First, you need to rehydrate. Here's a sports drink.
Oh, thank you ....... Thank you for the ....... I took a breath.
Are you okay?　You don't feel sick?
Yeah, I'm fine. I feel fine. I feel fine.
That's just a natural high, isn't it?
Yeah, I guess so.
There have been times when I've put myself through hard training like this, but the level of fatigue is completely different from those times.
After all, being watched over by someone seems to give a person more strength than anything else.
"You're sweating like crazy, senior. I'll wipe it off for you now, so please stay still.
You don't have to do that much. I'll wipe it off myself.
I'll wipe it off myself." "No, please don't."
While saying that, Satsuki closes the distance between us with a towel in her hand.
You're really sweating a lot. You're really sweating a lot, and it's dripping down.
You're really sweating a lot. You're dirty and you smell like sweat.
That's not true. This is proof that you have worked very hard. There's nothing to be embarrassed about.
While saying that, Satsuki carefully wiped away the sweat that appeared on my face.
The towel she brought with her, which is gently pressed against me, smells like fabric softener, which is not used in my house, and that alone makes my heart soar.
I'm kind of ...... jealous of that.
What?
Baseball.
It's amazing that a senior can work so hard. Of course, I think it's great to pursue what you love.
I can't help but compare myself to ....... I can't help but compare myself to . I shouldn't be like this. I need to be a better manager and support my seniors.
It's true that I love baseball, but ....... But it's thanks to Satsuki that I was able to make it this far today.
"My, huh?"
Yes. Yes. Since Satsuki was watching me, I couldn't show her anything uncool, so I put more effort into it than usual.
You don't have to work that hard, I always say that I love you.
You don't have to try so hard. You really are ......."
I'm not sure what to say, but I'm sure you'll understand.
But thank you ....... That means that you are ...... looking out for me in a special way, right?
"Of course it does. She's a very important girlfriend.
......, can I ask you to turn around?
Hmm?　Sure.
"Mmm. ......"
Suddenly, a soft, warm touch was pressed against me.
It was so sudden that it took me a little while to realize that it was my lips.
It took me a moment to realize that it was lips. "......Hmmm ....... You've kissed me.
"What? Why ......?
I couldn't help myself because you said something that made me happy.
You told me I was special. ...... I'm so happy that you need me. I'm so happy.
That's ....... I'm Satsuki's boyfriend. It's natural for you to think of me as special, right?
"Yes, but. But you don't say that kind of thing very often. But you don't really say those things to me, do you?
Like, "I like you" or "I want to hug you. I'd be happier if you said it more honestly, you know?
Didn't you say that on ......?
Yes, I did. It's almost always from me.
Well, I don't know if I did. I don't really remember.
I was a little bit confused, but I had already noticed this before Satsuki told me.
Because ....... I've never said such sweet words to anyone before, so I was really embarrassed.
I'm not sure if I've ever said anything like that before, but I've always swallowed my words unless it was something I really wanted to say.
...... Well, I'm not mad about that.
Really?"
Yes. ...... If I could, I'd be a little more verbal about it. I can't help but think that.
But if I impose it on you, it will be selfish of me. If you feel like it, it's fine.
Oh. I understand. Thanks for the .......
No, you're welcome. It's not something you should be thanking me for in the first place.
Satsuki is in a good mood and throws a light wink at me.
I've just started dating Satsuki, so I can't be shy forever either. ......
If you can get used to the position of being Satsuki's boyfriend little by little. I'm sure it will make every day more fun.
I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a boyfriend who says he loves you all year round or a boyfriend who doesn't say much. Which one do you like better?
"It's neither. The one I like is my senior.
For example, if he doesn't say much, like now, one word can be very powerful.
I was so excited when he told me that he was watching me specially. I was so excited just because you were watching me specially. I'm laughing at the memory.
Satsuki's dazzling smile was right in front of me, and I couldn't help but feel my heart flutter.
I can't believe she's so happy over a simple comment. It makes me want to please her even more in the future.
"Hey, Satsuki. Can I give you a ...... kiss too?
"Ah, yes!　Of course!
"Ehehe ....... I didn't expect that my senpai would tell me ....... I'm so happy that I'm squishy.
You're exaggerating.
It's not an exaggeration. Because I really think so.
Satsuki puffs her cheeks lightly in a cute way.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
...... Well, from Satsuki's point of view. I'm sure she'll say she doesn't care about that.
"Well then, ...... Satsuki. I mean, can I?"
Yes. I'm a senior ....... .......
It's a French kiss, just lightly touching each other. This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with your family.
I want to kiss her more. I want to touch Satsuki more. That kind of feeling starts to well up in me.
"Hey, Satsuki. More ......."
"Yes, ....... "Yes ......." "Mmm ......."
"Haaaa ....... Kissing feels too good. I'm running out of time.
"Yes. But just one more .......
Yes, ....... I love you, senpai.
I love you too, Satsuki. ......
Thus, me and Satsuki kissed each other again and again under the blazing sun.
In addition, it goes without saying that the kiss and the heat of the sun made both of us dizzy.
"Speaking of which, senpai..."
At the timing when we had finished eating Satsuki's homemade lunch and had taken a break from eating. I'm not sure what to say.
What exactly are you going to do in the afternoon practice?
I'm going to review my batting form and do some striking. I feel like I haven't been using my lower body well lately.
"By using my hips well, I can shift my weight. If you use your hips well, you can shift your weight, and your arms will naturally drop, and you will be able to impact the ball properly.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
"Well, let's see, ......... .........?"
A lot of hatena marks seemed to be floating in Satsuki's head.
It's hard to tell with just words, and since Satsuki is a baseball novice, it can't be helped.
And anyway, you said that the movement of the hips is important, right?
I think that's about it. Right now I'm relying on my upper body strength to hit, so I'm going to fix that.
How exactly are you going to do that?
Well, for example, ......."
I took the bat in my hand, turned it to my back and fixed it firmly on the inside of my elbows.
This way, you don't have to put any effort into your upper body. You can swing with only the power of your lower body.
Then, shift your weight as if you were standing in the batter's box.
Boom!
That's how you learn to swing properly.
Wow, ....... That's great!　There are so many ways to practice baseball, aren't there?
There are many ways to practice baseball, like using a balance ball or a mirror.
I don't need any special equipment for this, so I thought I'd use this method this time.
"I see. I see. I'll study it. Memo memo.
Satsuki took out her phone out of nowhere and quickly ran her pen through her notebook.
"You're so serious, Satsuki. You're so serious, taking notes so well.
I know very little about baseball, so I want to learn as much as I can as quickly as possible.
And I want to become a great manager who can support my seniors well.
Satsuki is respectable enough. You're already a full-fledged manager that I won't be ashamed to show you anywhere.
"Ehehe ....... Thank you very much. I love you.
I almost shouted out, "I love you, too," when I heard her unmixed, 100% positive words.
....... But in the end, it wasn't a clear word, and I could only see Satsuki's smile.
"Yes, senpai. I'm not sure what to make of it.　It seems a bit interesting."
"Of course, if it distracts you, I'll stop. ......
No, you're not. You're more than welcome.
I'd be happy to work with you since I tend to work alone.
Thank you very much. Can I borrow your bat?
Sure. I'll be right back.
I handed Satsuki the lightest practice bat I could find in the toolbox.
Thank you very much!　Then, I'll try it right away.
"Well, I think it's ......."
"Is it like this ......?"
".................."
Excuse me, sir?　Did I do something wrong?
Oh, no, nothing's wrong. No, nothing's wrong.
Yes, there is nothing wrong. But .......
The size of her breasts is more pronounced than usual because she is stretching them out ....... This is a very shameful sight.
I'm not sure what to say. Step on the ......."
"Eek!"
When Satsuki turns her hips vigorously, the two mountains sway loudly with it.
They should be held in place by the bra, but they sway so heavily ....... It's like a rubber ball.
It's a little awkward.　It's a bit awkward, isn't it? One more time, yeah!
"Oh, oh, oh. ......"
It's so powerful, you can't help but sigh.
It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
I'm not sure what's going on here.　Senpai. What's wrong?
"Is my form that bad, by any chance?"
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!　I'm fine!
Actually, there are a lot of things I want to tell you, like how to step, or how to link the lower and upper body, but .......
I'm sure there are many things I could tell you about how to step, how to link your lower and upper body, etc., but her swing was so powerful in so many ways that it seems like such a foolish thing to do.
I'm sure you'll have a great time.
"Oh, yeah. ....... Of course I do. Hmm."
I make a sharp swing to shake off the distractions.
But I can't take my eyes off of Satsuki's two bulges, as the swaying scene from earlier flickers in my mind.
"That's a beautiful swing. I haven't been getting enough exercise lately, so I'm going to practice some more. ......"
"Just like this ......!"
My chest bounces so loudly that I can almost hear the sound effect in my brain again.
This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your investment.
I wonder if I should say ...... about this. If I'm not good at it, I feel like I'm peeping at .......
I'm not sure I'm ready for that. I'm sorry.
"Hey, Satsuki, ...... it's about time."
"Yes?　What is it?
Um, .......
But what should I say? Satsuki doesn't seem to be aware of it at all, and it's sexual harassment to be distracted by boobs .......
I'm not sure what to say.　I'm not sure if I've done something wrong again?
No, I know Satsuki has no bad intentions, but ....... You see, my breasts are ...... in great shape. ......
"Breasts ......?　What's that?
I'm sure she noticed her position and tried to hide her breasts as she let out a cute scream.
I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but it's a good idea.
Click!
"Ah!"
What?　Kya, Kyaaaaaa!
Perhaps she couldn't bear the pressure of Satsuki's breasts, the buttons of her blouse suddenly popped off.
I'm not sure if this is a good idea or not, but it's a good idea.
The button came off!　Haha, hahahaha!
"Oh, calm down, Satsuki!　If you act violently, it will tear more!
Yes, yes, yes!　Eh, uh, what should I do, what should I do?
I'm not sure if she's in a panic or not, but she's trying to cover her own chest with her arm that's still pinned to the bat.
But of course, her arms are not that long. In fact, moving like that makes her sweaty cleavage change its shape.
I can't reach it. I can't reach my hand.
"Put the bat down!　Put the bat down, so I can move my arm!
Ha, ha. ....... Yeah, yeah, yeah, .......
Then, I'll go fix it~!
In the event that you have any kind of questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
I was dumbfounded by the fact that something so unexpected had happened, but I saw it off.