"It's been longer than I thought. The sky is already bright red."
As if learning from Satsuki, I stopped and looked up at the sky. Just before I entered the infirmary, the sun was right above me. Now it's just about to set.
If the sunset is this beautiful, I'm sure it will be fine tomorrow.
"It's beautiful. ......"
"Yes, it is. I'd like to take a picture of it, but I can't seem to get it right.
That's right. I can't get a sense of scale. It doesn't give a sense of scale, and the impression is diminished.
That's right, ....... This may be the first time I've been able to look at the sky so leisurely right before a game.
I've never been able to do that before.
That's a good thing, isn't it, ......?
I'm sure.
Just before a game, I usually practice until late at night and try to ...... get ready for the day without any worries.
But in the end, I often felt heavy on the day of the game due to overwork.
But this time, because of what happened in the infirmary, I didn't feel so nervous. I didn't have to practice excessively.
Thank you, Satsuki. Thank you, Satsuki. I think I can face the day of the match with a good feeling.
No, no, the role of the manager is to manage the senior well.
I'm sure you'll be fine. You've always been good at what you do, so just do what you always do and you'll get the results you want.
"Thank you. Thank you. It's very reassuring to hear you say that.
So, tomorrow I'll just have a light practice.
"Senior, that's dame. That's dame.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
I'm not sure what to make of it.　You need to practice at least a little bit, otherwise your body will get tired.
"Just like you just said. If you end up with a really light practice, I think you'll be fine. ......
"Your light practice is not light at all, is it? So it's dame.
I don't know, ....... I think it's light.
A person who does 100 bare-knuckle swings and 10 dashes and calls it light has no power of persuasion.
"Nuh-uh. ......
If you don't practice that much, you don't feel like you've practiced.
It is only by challenging your limits that you can practice, and it is only by doing so that you can grow, isn't it?
Can't you just accept that?
My head knows it, but my body doesn't. I know it in my head, but my body doesn't. It breaks the routine.
If so, please visit ....... If you can tolerate the practice tomorrow, how about a reward ......? How about that?
"It's the day before the match, so I'll prepare a special reward. I'll prepare it for you.
Like Pavlov's dog, the mere mention of the word "reward" is enough to make my imagination grow.
The rewards I've received so far have been pretty amazing, and now they're going to be a special ...... reward. I wonder how great it will be,.......
I'm not sure. How about it?　I'm not sure what to say. Aren't you curious?"
"Yes, ....... It's very, very ......."
So, ......?　Tomorrow, we'll do exactly what I suggested.
Then you will be able to show your ability in the game and I will be able to reward you.
Is it good for me to be able to show my ability, but is it good for you to reward me?
Of course it is!　I always want to spoil you and reward you, you know?
I always want to pamper and reward my senior. I'm trying to control myself.
So you're ......?
Yes!　If I were to get serious, it would be a big deal.
I try to imagine it lightly. I lightly imagine Satsuki's seriousness.
Maybe you'll be taken care of so well that you'll end the day without moving an inch from your bed. ......
No, you're overthinking it.
What's that?
It's nothing.
I'm not sure how much of this is serious, but I can't see the bottom of it.
But because I know that the bottom line is that she likes me, I can surrender myself to her without worry.
Then, I'll follow Satsuki's practice menu tomorrow.
Then, I'll prepare for tomorrow after I get home. Please look forward to it.
By the way, what kind of reward is it? ......
"It's a secret."
It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.