I was healed by Satsuki in this way and that, and before I knew it, it was late at night.
My whole body relaxed, and I was too immersed in the happy space.
"Are you sure you don't want me to stay?
"Yes. As much as you want. My parents aren't coming back.
But ....... You don't feel comfortable on the same futon, do you?　I'm fine on the couch. ......
That's not how it works, you know.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
I'm not sure what to say, but I'm going to say it. Of course every girl dreams of having a sleepover with the person she loves.
While saying this, Satsuki smiled happily as she got under the covers with him.
As a boyfriend, I'm happy that she's that happy, but I'm not ready yet, so I can't stop my heart pounding.
I'm not sure what to do. I think the smell is stronger than usual because my senior is by my side.
"Oh, I'm sorry. Did I smell like sweat?　I thought I took a proper shower.
No, it's okay. It's not an unpleasant smell. I like it.
Besides, I wouldn't have bothered to get a shirt otherwise.
Thank you very much. "Thank you very much, senpai. I'll take good care of it.
You've always taken good care of me, so I'm okay with this.
I wondered what she was using my used shirt for, but I had no idea it was for sleepwear.
I was a little surprised, but looking at the contrast between her clear bare skin and the white shirt, all I could think was that she was beautiful.
At school, I can see my senpai right away, but at home, that's not possible.
But if I wear this shirt, I can feel like I'm with my senpai all the time. I won't be lonely."
But if I wear this, I can feel like I'm with you all the time.
It's just a shirt. It's just a shirt, but it seems to have become the most important treasure for her.
I'm still sad to leave, but I have practice tomorrow, so I should probably get some sleep.
"How about you, senior?　Do you think you can get a good night's sleep?
I don't know. ......
I have a certain amount of fatigue, and it's dark and smells soft, so normally I would be able to sleep right away .......
But today, I'm lying in the same bed as Satsuki, and I'm afraid that if I move around I might touch her. To be honest, I'm restless.
"How is Satsuki?　Are you sleepy?
''Hmm. I'm a little sleepy, but I feel like it would be a waste to fall asleep.
It was like a dream to sleep with my senior like this, and when I woke up, I thought it was actually a real dream. ...... how ......
"Haha, this is real. It's not a dream.
"Yes, ....... Yes, .
"Hmm?　What's up?
Me. I'm very happy. ......
What about you?
"I'm ...... too. ......"
I felt embarrassed to say it honestly, so my voice dropped a little.
I'm too happy, I don't know how to describe it. That's about it.
I'm not sure how to describe it.
I feel a soft weight on my head.
I'm not sure how to describe it.
I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
You're really so cute, .......
"So cute?"
Yes. But that part of you is very attractive.
"Hey, senpai. Can I pet you more?
I don't mind. ......
Thank you very much. Thank you. Senpai~."
Satsuki rubs against me like a cat, stroking my head lovingly.
It's ticklish and warm, a strange feeling.
As if I was a child again, I continued to be stroked by Satsuki as if I were at her mercy.
"You look so happy, senpai. You're like a big kid.
"Senpai. You can spoil me more. I'll take care of everything for you.
"Satsuki......"
Satsuki is younger than me, and she's a junior ....... You will find a lot of things that you can do to make your life easier.
"Come on, ....... Come here?"
"Yeah. ......"
As if enchanted by something, I close the distance between me and Satsuki a little.
I borrowed her shower, so I'm using the same shampoo and body soap, but the smell coming from her is still sweeter.
"Yes, senpai. Good boy, good boy. You're always working hard, you're doing great.
"You always work so hard ...... that you work too hard ......."
You don't have to work so hard, okay?　You don't have to be so hard on yourself. I know better than anyone that you are amazing.
I don't know, ....... I wonder if I'm that great. ......
I can't even get regular ....... I can't even get regular work. ...... I'm causing trouble for Satsuki by collapsing. ......
I think people who can devote themselves to something for a long time are amazing in themselves.
Whether it's sports, study, games, or work.
I think that just by working hard, you can shine.
But in my case, I couldn't get any results. ......
It doesn't matter if you don't get results.
"But what's the point of working hard if you can't get results? ......"
"Yes, there is."
But if there is no result, then what is the point of working hard?" "Yes, there is," Satsuki asserts, patting my head a little harder to prove it.
I'm sure you're not the only one. I think it's great that you're working so hard and I love you, whether you get results or not.
I love my senpai because I feel that they are trying too hard. My love for them is already at its maximum.
Even if you skip practice for a little while, it won't lower my favorability.
"What? Then it's a loss of effort after all.
"I guess so. I guess so.
...... But you want to work hard, don't you?
Even if there is no result. You want to work hard for yourself, right?
"......Yes."
Maybe I won't be able to become a regular again.
Maybe I'm not cut out for baseball in the first place.
But still, ......
I don't want to have any regrets.
Yes, ....... If that's the path you choose, I'll support you.
"But if you ever get tired of working hard, just let me know. I'll do my best to heal you.
"Well, I'm always willing to heal you. Hmm.
I'm already healed enough. ......
You've taken care of me so diligently and cared for me so much. I'm not sure how much more I can take.
I wish this dreamy time could last longer .......
"Wow ...... mmm ......."
"Hmmm. That's a big yawn. Are you getting sleepy?
Yeah, ...... a lot. ......
You can go back to sleep if you want. I'll keep an eye on you.
Yes, I'll keep pumping you until you fall asleep. Pon ...... Pon ......."
Satsuki lightly pats my stomach in time with my heartbeat.
The rhythm is so pleasant that my slumber becomes stronger and stronger.
I'm not sure if this is a good idea or not. Good night, senior ......."
I'll see you tomorrow.
--Yes, see you tomorrow.
I'm not sure if I was able to reply that way, but I let go of my consciousness.