You're late!　We're long overdue for a pre-game warm-up!
I'm sorry!
As soon as I ran out onto the field, the coach scolded me, and I bowed my head deeply.
The baseball team is very punctual, and being late is not allowed. If I'm not good, I might not be allowed to play in the game.
I know I deserved it, but I had to avoid that in order to avoid wasting Satsuki's concern. ......!
"Director!　I want to go to the game!　I know I'm late and I'm not in a position to say this, but!　But!
I know I'm late and I know I'm not in a position to say this, but..." "......, you've changed. You've changed. You're more dignified. ......
You're becoming a man.
Yeah, ......, is that right?
I'm not going to say that it's because I have a girlfriend. I slurred my words.
It's a good thing. I'm sure you'll be happy to know that I'm not the only one who's had a bad day.
I'll use you as a substitute at a good time somewhere. Just be ready."
Oh, thank you very much!
It was the first time I had been told that I was going to be substituted. It was the first time I had been told that I was going to be substituting.
Normally I'd be so nervous I'd feel like throwing up, but now I'm surprisingly calm even to myself.
(For Satsuki's sake, I have to get results. ......)
I took a deep breath and began to do some light warm-ups.
And so the match began. The innings went on smoothly.
--Bottom of the 9th inning, 4-4, 2nd base.
"Hey, you're up!"
The manager tapped me on the shoulder, and I headed for the next batter's circle.
There are no extra innings in the Red and White. In other words, if I was out at this point, the game would be tied.
This is the turning point of the game, and I go to bat.
The other pitcher was Oguma, a freshman. He's been improving lately, and people say he could be a regular in the future.
His pitches are in the 130 kilogram range, and he has a sharp fork. And above all, he has good control.
(It's tough when he's cornered. I need to finish him off early.)
It's a 2-out game, and the runners should be running the moment I hit. Then, if I can hit a ball over the infield's head, I'll have a chance to win the game.
(I'm going to make the decision. Here!)
"Yes!"
(I'm going to make it happen, right here!) "Okay!" I give myself a little pep talk and stand in the right field batter's box with an open stance.
Once again, I feel that I'm 60.5 feet away from the pitcher. I can hear the cheers of the people around me in the distance, and I increase my concentration.
(First of all, let's set the timing to straight. I'll throw away the fork.)
I narrowed my focus and stared at the pitcher.
Oguma glances at the runner at second base and throws the ball in a small, quick motion.
A sharp swing of the arm, just the straight pitch I was aiming for!
(Yes!　I got him!)
The timing is perfect. The timing is perfect, all I have to do is make a solid impact.
--That was it.
Boom!
"Strike!"
(...... earlier than I expected)
Perhaps it was because I hadn't seen a live ball since I'd been practicing on my own for a while, but a speedy ball that didn't feel like it was in the 130 kilogram range hit me squarely on the high inside corner.
I was so overwhelmed by the momentum that I struck out even though the ball hit me.
(...... At this rate, I'll never be able to hit a fork. It's only straight.)
In contrast to my inner impatience, Oguma received the ball back with a simple motion and put Rosin on his hand.
Then, after carefully checking the catcher's sign, he began his pitching motion.
(It's straight again next time. It's still strike one.)
The next pitch he threw was a straight one.
(Mmm. ......)
"Strike one."
The pitch was a fork ball that fell just short of the strike zone on the low outside corner, and I watched it go by without moving an inch.
(I thought it was a fork ball as soon as I threw it, so I just couldn't get my hands on it. ......) If I had swung, the infield would have been foul.)
If the fork didn't fall, it would be a great pitch to hit. ...... I'm not sure what to make of it.
A little time.
I took a moment out of the batter's box to clear my head and get some space between me and the pitcher.
(I wonder how the catcher will look at the way I just missed. (How will the catcher look at the way I missed the fork?)
(On the other hand, you could throw the fork again and see what happens. ......)
In any case, two strikes and no balls. If he gets one more strike, the game is over.
There was no room for hesitation.
(I can't hit a fork anyway. (I can't hit forks anyway, so I'll focus on straight shots.)
(I can't hit a fork anyway. I'll just focus on a straight ball.) I'll make him aware of the low pitches and ask him to fish for a higher pitch. If he throws a loose ball, throw a fastball to keep him off target. That's the theory of pitch distribution.
So, the next pitch would be a high-pitched straight.
(There's a good chance, since he struck out so hard just now. If it's high, it's easy to fly when you hit it, so it might even go over the infielders' heads.)
But that's only if I can hit it properly without striking out.
But that's only if I can hit it properly without striking out. If I do strike out, then I'll have to go to ....... My summer is over. .......
(Don't get weak-hearted!　You promised Satsuki that you would definitely become a regular!)
It doesn't matter how shabby it is, or how badly you hit.
I will definitely return the runner home. I won't let my days with Satsuki go to waste.
I make a stance with my feet firmly on the ground and stare at the pitcher.
(Come on, ......!)
From a set position, a sharp pitch was thrown.
It was a straight ball with a slightly high outside corner. It was a fishing pitch, just as I had expected.
(But I can reach ...... here!)
I tried to keep my body from opening up, and swung with a slight delay.
I felt the impact as if my arms were numb, but I swung hard to keep up with the force of the ball.
Cakewalk!
The ball goes up high and flies towards left field.
The ball goes over the shortstop's head and falls in a slow arc.
The third base coach frantically twirled his arm, and the runner on second base ran to third as fast as he could.
The shortstop, the lefty, and the center fielder all run for the ball.
Is it a fly or a potent hit?
(Fall, please!)
I follow the ball with my eyes as I run to first base.
The shortstop runs back and raises his hand.
The shortstop runs back, raises his hand, and dives for the ball.